you sound like all i want , you are my perfect match . I am really going to put a lot of effort chatting to you in hopes it will provide you with a good understanding of who I am, what I am all about, and what has made me the person I am today.

The reason I am going to chat rather than just send a message is because I am serious about wanting to establish a quality relationship with you, and because of the fact I rarely contact anyone on here, so when I do you can be rest assured I am serious about my intentions.

Am looking for a woman that will be able to listen to me , communicate her feelings to me , make me laugh, hold and comfort me in need,stand by my side, respect me, passionate lover in every way, support me in everyway, love me and only me, make me smile, protect me when needed, romantic time to time ,constantlyreative, and treat me right

And the fact I feel you can learn so much about me through chat, as a person has to take there time and think about the words they want to express, so it allows you to gain a better understanding of someone than you would probably otherwise .

 I am interested in establishing a relationship with you is because I feel I have alot to offer you in the way of a relationship and I know I have alot to share with you that will be of interest to you and even some things that will surprise you.

 I am very much a man of substance and I am very unique in today's society because I live my life through my spirituality and through the word of God and because I have such a strong understanding of what I feel my role in life is suppose to be. 

I am a man of integrity and my word is my honor!. I have very high standards for myself and my life is all about providing love, peace and happiness to others.For you to get a better understanding of me picture a waterfall in your mind and instead of all the water overflowing it is all the love and passion I have in my heart to give to others who are deserving, as the love and passion has an endless flow coming out of my heart.

Where others chat many people and keep there messages short because they are all about how many they can write, I am the opposite and very selective in whom I choose to chat and I like to give them my very best even if it is in a long chat such as this. I know the type of person who I want to build a relationship with so I am willing to put the time and effort in my messages to show that to you.

You are a very special person who I SERIOUSLY want to explore the possibility of building a long term relationship with, that will lead into a marriage and family. That is my dream, and I hope to make it come true with you!. In my heart I feel you have all the qualities it takes to make me very happy...

 I live my life through the word of God and through my spirituality, and I refuse to have sex with someone if I am not in a relationship with them and my last relationship ended after the death of my late wife.....



My reasoning which I understand is very strange in today's world, but my belief is my heart and soul, and the passion that is in it is very unique and special, so I made the decision and made a promise to God that I would not be sexually active for the sake of just wanting sex, or to have sex for someone elses own self gratification. 

Knowing the passion that is contained in my heart and soul is very unique, I made the decision to abstain from sex because I want this special gift to be shared with the person I am dedicating the rest of my life to, as Wife and the mother of his children ...


 It is very important for me to build a life of stability, security, and opportunity for the special person I hope to share my thoughts, feelings, experiences, dreams and fantasies with, and to offer the best in opportunities for any children that might be included in my life and that is my focus at this time and I also do enjoy my job. Professionally

Honey in me you are going to find a man that was blessed with an over abundance of passion to give to the ones I share my heart and soul with. For you to really know me you will have to experience me, as the love that makes up my heart is like a waterfall, where the water never stops flowing down. 


In this case my heart is the waterfall, and the love and passion that flows endlessly is representing the water. I am a very unique person for many reasons, but one of those is the fact that I can never get enough of romancing that special someone.


Thank you again for giving me the opportunity to build this special relationship with you!. You will be rewarded for it through the passionate love that makes up my heart and soul!. I am so excited to be able to do what I do best and that is romance you with all the passion that makes up my heart and soul!. My special relationship with you is something I want to make permanent and eventually build into a family to call our very own!


Am happy you are interested in learning more about me ,I have never dealt with anyone in the service , i have been single for years, because am yet to find that special one to share my life with , I am presently in Iraq for a peace making mission to save human lifes and properties.

i deceide to join the dating site to meet my soulmate a woman that will never dissapoint me in anyway of life, My goals and dreams are to live a good life,and meet someone that believes in unconditional love.I've got a great sense of humor,I am more conservative politically than liberal...and know how to have fun..

: I can cook pretty good for you... I like a good wine. and eat healthy food...I don't do drugs, and I like who I am..Although I think a terrific woman would bring out the best in me

I'm a believer in God who pray every blessed day , am a good catholic , i do go to church weekly, and try to do the right things every day...I don't worry about what people think of me...I know how to treat a woman

 You are really amazing.Inside of me there is a place where my sweetest dreams reside, where my highest hopes are kept alive, where my deepest feelings are felt and where my favorite memories are safe and warm.

I find that you're on my mind more often than any other thought. Sometimes I bring you there purposely just to make my day brighter. But more often, you surprise me and find your own ways into mythoughts.

 There are even times when I awaken, I realize that you've been a part of my dreams. Then during the day, when my imagination is free to run, it takes me into your arms and allows me to linger there knowing there's nothing I'd rather do. 

I know my thoughts are only reflecting the loving hopes of my heart because whenever they wander, they always take me to you. Only the most special things in my world get to come inside my heart and stay. And now, I realize how deeply my life has been touched by you.

Sweetheart your chatting keeps chilling me up with hopes and thoughs of a future plans .At this very moment I am sitting here dreaming and fantasizing about how nice it would be for you to be near, where I could do what I enjoy most and that is being able to romance the special one I have in my life...

In me sweetheart you are going to find the most passionate, loving and romantic man you have ever met. There are very few promises in life but this is one of them!. ROMANCE is the key to my happiness and to my heart and soul!.

It is the single biggest reason I am single today is because I have yet to find a woman who will romance me with the passion of there heart and be a giver of there love, and not just a taker. after the death of my late wife... am glad you are here into my life... welcome into my life 

I am a man who is very committed to the special woman I am sharing my heart and soul with. I totally dedicate and devote my life totally to this person 24/7, for she is my queen and it is my belief that as long as am her King.

 God would want me to treat you as such, by putting you on a pedestal that is reserved only for a queen and showing you with an endless amount of affection, attention, passion, and unconditional love. It is my duty as a follower of the word of God to be your provider, providing for you emotional, mental, and sexual needs.

It is my responsibility as you king to take any problems and stress that is in your life and put it on my shoulders to free you of it, for I am a man and your king!. My shoulders are bigger so it is my obligation to carry the burdens in your life on me, allowing you to have a healthy mind, body, and heart and soul at all times. 

I love and cherish this role sweetheart, and it is because I love it so much, that I feel God has a role for everyone in life, and his chosen role for me is to be a excellent Husband, mother, and family woman, because of the way I live my life, and because of my passion to be a great lover and family man, in addition to the passion I have for children. I believe children play a big part in my life.

 Sweetheart i am almost through with my deployment here all i need to do is to get my entiletilemt and fly back to the state to come and settle down with you my wife. Dear you are really going to be in for a big surprise as you get to know and understand me as my words mean nothing compared to my action.

 sweetie! I didn't have the courage to approach you in person because of the distance between us, so I hope you consider my chat and hope you pay for the phone access and fully connected with internet so i wont be fired. I have so much inside my heart that it keeps me from breathing sometimes. I know we just met but these feelings that I have for you keep glowing and growing hours

Now that I am with you, I sleep thinking about you and the next morning I wake up smiling. It's amazing how you got me and trapped me. I never thought I could love this much but I was so wrong. I just thank God for having you. We are meant for each other and no one can change that. I love you with ALL my heart. 

 I am a little bit confused on how and what to do just to eradicate you to know from my vivid mind your charming and beautiful face. The more time I spend with you the more I like everything about you and the more I want to find out all about you - how you think, how you feel, what your dreams are and everything nice from you. If I could only do something just to persuade you.

Sweetie very thing I wish to do was left undone because of this unexplainable emotion. My admiration was still bubbling within me these past lonely days.Truthfully, and undoubtedly, I can fool anyone but I cannot fool myself.
 I would be a great liar if I uttered that I'm not in love with you. No matter what you think or say, all I can say is; I really love you with all my heart and I will not hesitate if you will give me just a little time to prove my feelings of endearment and to prove to you that I'm deserving of your feelings, from your heart.
