Hello sweetie, how are you been doing, hope you have been okay? I miss you so
so much sweetie. I have been in stress for the past days now, I don't know how
to tell you this. I just read your message and I don't know how to ask you for
help. I never mean to bother you. I have been having problem with my work here,
the crane which I hired here to work was bad and by the terms and condition of
the contract I signed with the company I hired it from was that I will repair
the crane if there is any problem because it is a new crane and am the first
person to hire this crane from them to use.
Now that it is bad am expected to fix the crane to a perfect working order. I
called the technicians who checked on the crane this afternoon and they told me
that there are some parts in the crane that is spoilt and it needs to be
replaced so I called the company selling the parts of the crane and they told me
the parts $20,000 and the technicians who will fix it charged me $6,000 for
their Labour to fix the crane. The total for the repair on the crane amounted to
$26,000 and all I have with me is $15,000, so I asked a colleague here to help
me and he was only able to help me with $5,000.
Right now I'm in need of $6,000 to add to the $20,000 to enable me get the
parts. I will plead with the technicians to fix it then I can pay them for their
labour when I get paid. I just want to get the crane fix so I can complete my
work here and get my check, I have tried all I can to get the $6,000 but to no
avail. Now I have no choice but to ask you for this help as I am in shame asking
you for this, I feel very ashamed but I have come to the end of the road and you
are the only one I can ask for this help, please sweetie you have to help me
even if you are going to give it to me with interest I will pay you as soon as I
get my check.
Please help me because I have already signed a document here at the beginning of
this job that if I do not complete my contract I will not get paid so there is
no way I can get money from my employers, I tried but they refused and reminded
me of the document I signed so I had no other option than to look for help else
where and you are the only hope I have left, please sweetie you have to help me
on this. Help me with whatever you can assist me with to enable me get the crane
fix so I can go back to work. I miss you so much and I love you always...If you
are willing to help me, below is the information you can use to send whatever
you have to assist me. You can send it through western union money transfer...
Receivers name
City :
Text Question :
Answer :