FEELINGS FMT...

(1)
The look of your eyes and that smile that you gave me, melted my heart away. Those smooth cheeks you have, oh, I wished I could've given you a kiss right away. As soon as I see your face, my knees go weak, 

my heart throbs hoping to feel you around me. Your body is perfection and to me it does not matter

(2)
Thanks for the smile you gave me. I really felt so lightened inside that I melted. I could say nothing but to just stare at your natural awesome. I wish we could go out together one day and we could have our nights by the bay and that I could pour out my feelings to you. Thank you, you awaken me, deep inside. Even if you don't love me, I'll always wait for you and no matter what, you are in my heart... no matter what happens. I hope I'll be able to hold you in my arms and tell you that I love you. That's all I need from you. I love you and that's a promise.

(3)
At first I was confused, didn't really know what I wanted, I didn't know if I would want to take a chance again and actually take you seriously. So, I decided to come close to you as a friend and find out 

who you truly were and what you were like. You seemed cool, nice and funny some things I really liked in a man, So I took a chance and got with you.

(4)
In the beginning, things didn't seem that well, I actually had my doubts about you. I wasn't sure you were actually taking me seriously. But, it was too late to look back; I had already fallen for you since the 

day I met you on here  and I wasn't really looking forward to giving up too soon. I tried so hard to have you, I wasn't going to let you go so easily!

(5)
Well, time has passed and I have discovered new things and a new me. You have truly changed me. Still, in a way, I'm scared 'cause I am actually growing a true feeling inside my heart which I just cant 

explain, but I know it's there waiting for you to come and uncover it. I truly don't know what your feelings are but I don't want to force you in telling me what you don't feel towards me. I would want to 

receive love and trust from you when you truly mean it. All I ask from you is to show me you care and not hide anything, to also have trust in me the way I do in you.

(6)
No one in this world knows the feeling that I get when I talk to you. They have no idea about what you get my body to do when I hear your name or hear that sweet words of yours. Nobody has ever made me 

feel like the way you make me feel and that is such a crazy feeling. It feels like I just want to grab you and be in your arms forever and forever and never let go. I want to kiss your lips and never end - just 

keep going.

(7)
Every time I think about you, it gives me more and more strength with which to carry on my life. It makes me happy to be alive knowing that you have came into my life and all I know is that I want to be with 

you!

(8)
I am on my knees begging for love, not to a stranger but to one I know ... YOU. I've been in love and know it's fun. Each night and day I hope and pray that you'll be mine forever more. I know it's hard to be 

heart broken before - giving your heart, body and soul, but know it's me that's on my knees swallowing my pride, begging you, please ... once again I say please; be mine.

(9)
I don't know what happened to me whether I was crazy or just lonely, all I know is I was sick of being deceived, mistreated, and unloved. Then you came along... I don't know why. All I know is that I felt a 

connection on our first chat, something I had never felt before which at first made me feel uneasy, stupid and even a bit childish, which made me go through all kinds of emotions as we chatted and began 

finding we had a lot in common. I felt like we had known each other from an unknown past.

(10)
At first I was scared and a part of me wanted to ignore and just believe that you were just someone who was playing a game being that we were both behind the screen. I was thinking I was crazy to have 
the feelings I was beginning to have for you. I was really upset with myself and became very angry with the way I was feeling. I didn't want to admit to you or anyone else that I was falling for someone I 
had never actually met. I thought I was becoming insane myself - damn it - I tried to fight these feelings off but they were just too powerful for me to ignore! I tried to convince myself that this can't be for 
real that you couldn't REALLY be feeling the same as I was... I was going insane!!! No matter how hard I tried - I just could not fight the feelings I was having for you.

(11)
Then the day has came when you were expressing how you were beginning to feel which I tried not to believe, because I was scared of being disappointed, but the magnetism that I was feeling was so 

strong that I could no longer fight it. Our chats became a very good thing and the feelings just would not go away no matter how hard i tried.
got it?