Do you care to correspond better with me and let's get to know more about each other and see where the chemistry will lead us to??

Good, I want you to be totally honest and sincere with me if you are really looking for a serious and long term relationship because i dont want us to waste our time. I will not like you to hide anything for me or take anything personal. I promise i will be honest with you as well.

Whats your real Full name, Age, Where are you from, Marital Status, Do you have any Kids, How tall are you and whats your marital status?

Good to know about you  I'm joanne barchus. I'm 31yrs old  single lady with a lovely Daughter of 5yrs, I was born and raise in Clinton Pa  I'm 5ft7 , 149Ibs, Average body type, black hair, Blue eyes.  
 
Do you want more kids  and  What do you do for a living??

I work for Red-cross as a Medics Personnel, Presently in contract deal with UNICEF and Red cross  for Voluntary and Humanitarian Service to  West Africa,Nigeria to look after there Orphanage Homes and to give the kids good health and life. I love saving life's of kids.  Hope that doesn't bother you ? 

Well i will be back soon for my long vacation babe in about 12 weeks but i dont have plan of where to spend my Vacation period for now,.So i wont mind if i can come to you and spend the time with you or probably stay permanent with you and start new life

Most important babe... I was also here to claim my late Father Sweat from One Oil and Gas  Company that he work for ,for  almost 30yrs before he died by Accident there in West Africa Nigeria here..So that main reason i join the Site to seek a nice and caring man with good and honest heart and soul that we can both work work things out and get the Property for our future use and for our kids

For how long have you join internet dating stuffs and ever since you have joined the site, Have you ever correspond, Dated or Met any Lady on there??

I'm very new to internet dating stuff.  A friend of mine introduce me to online dating some days ago cux she got married to someone she met on internet and they we're happily married now and living with their kids.

Have you had any experience on internet either good or bad ?

What is your experience in meeting ladies on internet and have you ever been hurt by any ladies before either in person or on internet?

I have been deeply hurt in the past by my ex-husband. I caught my ex having an affair with my best friend when i was still in my daughter pregnant cux of that i ended my relationship with him...I don't want see him anymore and it's part of the reason why i want to seek for the right man that will never hurt me nor cheat on me . I have heard a little about this internet dating stuffs that there are a lots of fake people on internet here and i pray not to fall into there hands and hope you are not like those men?

Are you willing to marry if you find the right lady and What make you to join the dating site and what are you seeking for in a lady??

I'm looking for a God fearing , Honest, Open minded, Caring, Loving, Noble, Humble, Loyal, Trust worthy, Straight forwarding and a Responsible Man to spend the rest of my life with and settle down for a new life. I like man who is able to express himself and let me know how he is feeling and what he needs in life and from me. I am looking for Commitment Relationship, Good companionship, Friendship, Long-term Relationship,Intimacy,Physical Chemistry, Activity Partner and Marriage.

I am interested in a man who can laugh, be playful and light hearted, one who is motivated and ambitious, intelligent, and self confident. I enjoy meaningful conversation in addition to plain old good fun. I'm basically a very positive person who also loves humor and laughter and would like someone with an adventurous spirit and a positive attitude who can see the funny side of life, someone who is open and willing to learn new things.

What does it really mean to be affectionate?

I love a man who can display his affections for me anytime and anywhere without having to be shy. And a person who knows how to be affectionate is a big plus. I love being affectionate.

I dont mean to be rude, Are you for Real or a Player?

I'm for real because i dont have time for playing games around. Its very harmful when someone hurt another good feelings. In fact, many times I felt I was taken advantage of and that hurts. I'd like to meet someone who recognizes the little things I do for him and knows how to be appreciative

What you do for Fun and in your free time?

I enjoy slow or fast dancing, walking in the woods holding hands, candlelite dinners, travel, shopping and watching movies, and playing romantic piano for that special person. I love snuggling and sharing passionate kisses with that special person. I like healthy foods such as a good seafood salad I love the color Blue. I like to snuggle when it rains or read a good book, shopping at a large mall, reading any of the self-help books,listening to romantic music or 60's music, and exercising

What are your turn off's

As for me, Lies and dishonest turn me offs most. Moreso, I hate man that sleep with a lot of women while dating me.I would say that I'm not afraid to display my emotions. I'd like someone who is sensitive and caring. If I'm sad, I'd like for him to be able to comfort me and cheer me up. He doesn't has to do much, but just knowing that he's there solacing me is more than good enough

I beleive all men are the same in their characters and behaviours but i think you will be a honest and faithful person and will never play with a ladys heart. I'm really geting exited about meeting you. But i will not want to rush things. We need to know each other more better and see if this will finally work out between us, and i will be so happy and glad if it finally work
 
I want to thank you so much for chatting with me its a pleasure cos you sound wonderful and perfect in so many way in you so far

You sound like a man who is serious about looking for a serious and long term relationship i think we would have a wonderful partnership and friendship as we are getting along. Our artistic qualities would make love making and being together very intense, I think we will enjoy many conversations since we both articulate and i think communication is the key that open up relationship. Do you agree with me?

Life is short! It is ours for the taking. Let's explore and build memories while we have adventures. I was raised with a good Christian background and taught from a young age to always respect myself and other people.I still maintains this value wherever I go

If we really feel to make it happen please be totally honest with me .I don't want to be hurt or disappointed at all.I hope you understand

I am the only Child of late parent. I lost my father  6years ago and my mom when i was 8yrs of age . its really hurt my feelings anytime i remember my parent cux i am lonely now i need someone to make me happy again

I'm a very respectful and humble person, I'm very friendly,open minded and straight forward in life,loving and caring person who knows how to take very good care of a man especially giving him sense of belonging in everything I do in life..I want you to know that communication is very important to me cux i think communication is the first thing in any serious and long term relationship. hope you know that?


I am very quiet at first but I warm up quickly, I like to try new things & meet new people, I don't Smoke and I don't Drink alcholic. I am a great giver because I so much believes in the Multiplied returns and that's why I doesn't lack anything.I never speak negatively about people, I take less and listen more to people and does not jump into other people's affairs

I am a nice friendly lady who likes meeting new people who share similar interests. The more two people think the same the better the match. The qualities that make me a great person are the same qualities that make me a good catch for someone. I am affectionate, concerned, and supportive. I give my all my best all times and I believe in treating others the way you would want to be treated

I think it is important to exercise and eating very healthy meals. I love to go out dancing, to nice romatic dinners and shopping at large malls like the Mall of America. I enjoy romantic music and slow dancing as well an fast dancing. I prefer romantic, attractive, affectionate men. I believe that romance is a very important part of the relionship. I enjoy men who are confident with themselves and are not afraid to express themselves in a diplomatic way. 

I think it is very important that two people want the same thing in a relationship. I believe that this should be discussed and communicated clearly when two people first meet. I do not believe in wasting my time or the other persons time because life is too short.. I believe each person should be allowed to be who they are and to be free to give their best for each others mutual benefit. I do not like controlling man who do not communicate well and have agendas or excessive previous baggage. I like man who I can have a good conversation with and we can communicate in a mutually benefitial way. 

I like man who are interested in exercise and physical fitness. I like man who read to improve themselves and find value in self help books...I also like man who are either spiritual butnnot necessary religious. I also enjoy attending a good church that leaves you feeling better about yourself when you leave.

I have fully decided to be a role Model to my children and a good, loving and caring Wife to my Husband yet to meet.But I doesn't want to mess myself with the wrong man. Basically I decided to settle with a nice,good loving and caring man

What are your own definition of true love?  True love to me is the kind of love God gives... UNCONDITIONAL love. It's a love that is undescribable with words yet is felt deep within the heart. It's when you can't stop thinking of the other person & you are excited to get home to them after a long days work or you desire to just say hello through a text or phone call just because they are on your mind. It's a precious thing that way too many people take advantage of & something everyone should have at least once in their lives. Where will you love to spend your honeymoon incase you find the right woman? 

I've always dreamed of going to a tropic Island for a couple of weeks. We would stay in a romantic bungalo. Windows open, there would be lace curtains blowing in a light breeze along with warmth coming from the sunshine shining thru the lace.Although this would be heaven on earth, I'd be in heaven just being with the man of God intended me to go through life's journey with. How will you treat your woman?

Although every relationship has it's ups and downs, I will treat my man with lots of love and respect. I like to hold his hand while walking side by side, I enjoy the little kisses stolen throughout the day, and the little smiles he gives me from across the room. I believe a man and woman are to walk side by side in life & so communication and honesty are very important.  I  will be completely faithful to him & will support him during our lives together. I do expect him to do the same for me. We don't always have to be together but we'll feel each others presence even when we'reapart. 

We will be each others rock to lean on & we will share dreams & goals for ourselves & our children..We will also support them & raise them to be a Good and kind person in life who will have faith & be strong even when life is looking down. Can you take my kid as yours if we are meant to be together? 

I love kids & I treat all kids as if they are my own... I favor none but give my love & support to them & try to be the Godly man I am supposed to be. My little girl has friends that call me Mom also. Can you tell me more about yourself when you were a little Boy? 

 As far back as I can remember I've alway scared for people & had a big heart. I cared for people even after they hurt me. What do you like to do?

I love being in the great outdoors seeing the natural beauty God has given to us that others take advantage of. I love snuggling with the ones I love while watching a movie. I enjoy meeting others & making a difference in the lives of those around me. I recently found out that some special people in my life really look up to me & the feeling of that is AMAZING! What is your favor movies?

I have a few favorite movies. My all time favorite is "City of Angels" it's a movie where a man sacrificed his life as an angel to experience what it was like to love the woman he was drawn to. I also love Notebook, Sweet November, Sleepless in Seattle, Grease, Never been kissed,anything with Reese Witherspoon. I like romantic comedies, action movies, Romantic, & ones based on a true story like
Titanic, & Pearl Harbor. There are really sooo many that I like, I can't really name them all. What is in your opinion the most romantic movie you've seen to date? 

Sleepless in SeattleWhat is the most romantic / memorable scene in that movie? When they finally met! What is your favor book?

My favorite book is the Bible!!! It's got the greatest stories ever told as well as words from our heavenly father. Are you a romantic type?

I'm a helpless romantic.... I love being with my man & doing little things for him to put a smile on his face. I enjoy surprising him & doing my part to making his dreams come true. what make you smile? 

That's easy!!! What makes me smile is seeing those I love smiling & knowing I put that smile on their faces. :-) Do you cry alot and what make you cry? 


I do have a tendency to cry easily, moreso since doing chemo but not always are my tears sad ones... I cry also when I'm happy & surprised.. I don't like to cry in front of others so am embarrassed when I do. what is your favor music?

I love music... the songs I listen to will usually tell you what kind of mood I'm in or tell you what's in my heart when words can't begin to describe who I am. When I'm happy, you'll usually find me singing (assuming I know the song). I think music is a gift many people take for granted.They'll listen just to hear the beat yet won't stop to feel the power of it's words. Music can be soothing to the
soul & can calm the restless spirit. The wrong kind of music can also damage ones inner being. A person's mind will unconsciously listen to the lyrics which will either bring death/depression upon them or will bring joy to their soul so they might be able to enjoy life. As a person's mood changes so does the type of music they listen to. who are your favor Artists? 

I love all sorts of art but I'm not familiar enough with them yet to know who's who. I do hope to learn more about it all tho. Do you love rose flower?

My favorite Rose is a Purple rose... they are not as common as the other types. Myfavorite flowers are Stargazer lillies & lilac bushes. What does it feel like when you realize that you are falling in love and What is your idea of a perfect first date? 

A walk along the waterfront or beach..... great time to talk & get to know each other. What is your ideal date?

Oh wow..... there are sooo many scenarios I could mention here & each depends on where the friendship/relationship was as to the idealness of it. I like romance either way so anything where we would have a little privacy to talk & stare into each others eyes. ;-) Are you a God fearing man?

VERY much so!!!  I love God with all my heart & trust in HIM to comfort me & guide me.  Only he knows what he has in store for us. How often do you go to church?

Haven't gone much in the last few years as I've had major health issues to deal with. In this case, God has come to where I am & spoken to my heart about different situations. I totally believe in going to church & fellow shiping however, I don't believe that a person NEEDS to go to church to be a christian as going into a chicken house doesn't make you a chicken. *wink* What do you like and dislike?

When my loved ones are happy & when I have a man who treats me like a queen. hehe what kind of sport do you like best? 

I like  Football!!! GO RAMS!!! I also like shooting baskets,playing volleyball, & a few others... I've been to a St. Louis Cardinals baseball game also... it was fun! Do you love to express your feelings or you love to hide your feelings? 

I don't like cheaters,liars, thiefs, or shallow people. Other than that, I'm a person that likes pretty much everything... I'm VERY easy going. What make you very happy?

I'm a person who would rather express my feelings as I know it's not good to keep  them locked up. It's important to express to others that you care for them & are there to support & encourage. I LOVE sharing sweet moments with the man I love... it makes my heart happy! 


I am really seeking for a man who is willing to share himself and his time with me,very understanding, open minded with a heart of forgiving , loving and caring with sense of humor, hard working with cheerful character,honest,sincere,kind, warm and intelligent Am looking for a man with a real love to offer me
