I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had, and no matter what happens to us in the future, every day we are together is the greatest day of my life. I will always be yours, and my darling, you will always be mine


If your are meant to be together forever, you will survive any obstacle or trouble that comes ,Everything in life is temporary, because everything changes. That's why it takes great courage to love, knowing it might end anytime but having the faith it will last forever.You are my soul mate, my sweetheart, you are my dream come true, from now until the end of time I give my heart and soul to you My heart is an open door waiting for you to enter ,To love someone is to learn the song that is in that persons heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten, The words I love you are not for anyone to say from their mouth to their beloved one. It's a feeling that you can whisper to each other from heart-to-heart without saying it aloud,Thinking of you makes my life complete. You're my golden clouds; you're my smile. You are all the soulful love songs within my spirit, like an angel calling me... perfect for my soul,The time we spend apart will make our
love grow stronger, but it hurts so bad, I can't take it any longer. I wanna grow old with you whatever is going to take me, I wanna die lying in your arms, I wanna grow old with you, I want be looking in your eyes, I wanna be there for you, sharing in everything you do ,I want to share all my love with you, no one else will do. And your eyes, they tell me how much you care, you will always be my endless love.




2. "Multiply it by infinity, take it to the depths of forever and you'll still only have a glimpse of how much I love you."

3. "I would rather have one smell of your hair or one touch of your hand than an eternity without it."

4. "I give you all my love because I truly love you, but I can't give you my soul and my heart because you'll just break it apart."

5. "I don't fear insects or spiders. At great heights, I jump off, smiling. In the face of death I wink. But, when I look into your eyes, I'm in fear of how much I love you."

6. "Why do I love you? Because you are and always have been my dream."

7. "I chose to love you in silence, for in silence I find no rejection. I chose to love you in your loneliness, for in your loneliness no one owns you, but me."

8. "In your love I am the hero, the king,the poet; and alive without your love, I am nothing at all, not even truly alive."

9. "It takes a second to say I love you, but a lifetime to show it."

10. "Some girls are worth fighting for, but some are worth dying for."

11. "What's a relationship without a little risk and faith?"

12. "A relationship is a two way street. It's never all your fault or the other persons. You go into the relationship together and work through it all together."

13. "When you love someone, you pick up the little things and magically turn them into something special."

14. "Love may exist for years and then one day it hits home!"

15. "Respect is what we owe, love is what we give."

16. "Long ago and far away I found love. Now, years later, that love found me!"

17. "For me, you are the queen, the rest is just the rest."

18. "I would give up anything just to be with you."

19. "You know it's love when it you 'grew into' it instead of 'fell in' it!"

20. "Anything is possible, when it comes to love."

21. "Everytime I think of you, I'm sad. Everytime I hear you're name, I'm mad. But everytime I think of how you made me feel, I'm glad."

22. "If enduring pain, braving shame, despising one's self for the sake of affection and accepting misery without question is the definition of love - then, I LOVE YOU."

23. "Your love as far as I can see is all I'm ever gonna need."

24. "Some say it is a sin to love, I never did ask why, But, if I sin in loving you, I'll sin until I die!"

25. "God's gift to me is you and you are the air that I breathe."

26. "You made my life easier with the softness of your eyes."

27. "I love you more than any word can say ... I love you more than every action I take ... I'll be right here loving you till the end."

28. "831 means 'I Love You'
8 letters
3 words
1 meaning."

29. "Loving you is like a picture with a thousand words."

30. "I just close my eyes because I might see your face. I just close my mouth because I might talk about you. I just close my ears because I might hear of you, but I could not close my heart because I love you."

31. "In time all things grow old and weak, but my love for you only grows strong and better with every second of every day."

32. "For a few moments in my life you've made me feel as if I truly meant something to someone."

33. "The words "I love you" are not for anyone to say from their mouth to their beloved one. It's a feeling that you can whisper to each other from heart-to-heart without saying it aloud."

34. "I Love you with the breath, the smiles and the tears of all my life."

35. "When I look in your eyes I see the love we have for each other."

36. "The more I know you, the more I love you."

37. "I care for you because I love you, and you love me for being so caring to you!"

38. "Love can help us, love can break us, love can do things never done before. Love is a feeling we find appealing, love is the thing that makes us soar."

39. "The joy of loving always heals the hurt of loving."

40. "Have you ever watched a rose as it fades away; the color becomes deeper as the petals dry. That's how my love for you deepens as the days go by."

41. "No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved."

42. "You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving."

43. "When I saw myself climbing the stairs to where heaven starts and saw you waiting, I knew just how much I loved you."

44. "Love comes naturally, in unexpected ways, without any permission."

45. "You know you're really in love, when you have love for that person and only that person. You want to be with them in every waking moment, and you'll stay with them through thick and thin."

46. "I love you not because it is right, but because I love you."

47. "Where there is love, there is no fear."

48. "Loving you is the hardest thing I've encountered, but I'm happy to be loved by you."

49. "Loving you is what I've learned so easily. Trying to forget you is the last thing I could possibly learn, because I'm deeply in love with you."

50. "Love teaches us how to laugh, cry, be happy and sad all at the same time."

51. "I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no more hurt, only more love."

52. "You are sanity in an insane world. You're reason where there isn't any reason. Reason to live."

53. "Always I'll hold you dear to my heart, and promise you never shall we part. You will always be the other half of me, as I continue to love you endlessly."

54. "Whatever it is I am looking for, I still don't know. But I do know that where ever it is, I want you to be there with me."

55. "When I love someone, I love them with all of me, not part of me!"

56. "If loving you is a sin, then send me to hell. For life without loving you is my hell, and atleast in hell I can go on loving you."

57. "Someday, when I'm awfully low, I will feel a glow just thinking of you, and the way you look tonight."

58. "Break my heart, destroy my soul and leave me crying, I'd still love you and I don't expect you to love me in return."

59. "Heaven and earth would be the same for me if I could just hold her with me forever and never let go."
60. "I love you today, yesterday and every to tomorrow."
61. "My love for you is like time, if you give it just one moment, it will last forever."
62. "I've loved you all my life. Even before there was you there was the promise of you, and now that we've met, I'll never be the same!"
63. "It's not being in love that makes me happy. It's being in love with you that makes me happy."
64. "How do I get through one night without you? If I had to live without you, what kind of life would that be? Oh I need you in my arms, need you to hold...you're my world, my heart and soul."
65. "My love to you is everlasting; it will never grow old and it will never fade away. I will forever love you."
66. "I am beautiful for the one who loves me."
67. "How do I love thee? Let me count the ways."
68. "I don't regret the things I have done or the things I have chosen not to do because what ever I've done, I must have done something right because I ended up with you."
69. "To me you are my rose; every day when I see a beatiful rose I think of you, and miss you, and hope to hold you in my arms."
70. "I want to be in your arms, where you hold me tight and never let me go."
71. "I loved you once, I love you still, I always have, I always will..."
72. "Something happens when you look at me; I forget to speak. Something happens when you kiss my lips; my knees get so weak."
73. "Where else would any sane man want to be, but in your eyes, your heart, and your arms, a sea of passion ever moving, beating like my heart when I think of you."
74. "I've fallen in love with you and I'll never let you go. I love you more than anyone, I just had to let you know. And if you ever wonder why, I don't know what I'll say, but I'll never stop loving you, each and every day."
75. "You can count on the sun to rise, for the stars to come out at night, as long as there's air to breathe, you'll alway's be loved by me."
76. "When you say you love me, the world stops for a moment, the stars stop shining, the moon stops glowing, the earth stops breathing, all that's alive is our love ... I love you."
77. "If the days won't allow us to see each other, memories will, and if my eyes can't see you, my heart will never forget you."
78. "I gave you my love in vain. My body never knew such pleasure; my heart never knew such pain."
79. "The smallest word I know is 'I', the sweetest word I know is 'love', and the only thing that will remind me of that will be 'you'."
80. "The man you want is the man I want to be, but without you, I can't be that man. Without you, that man's gone forever."
81. "To love you is like nothing I've ever felt before, a feeling like I'll melt every time you're around me."
82. "I love you in the morning, in the middle of the day, in the hours we are together, and the hours we are away...."
83. "When I look into your eyes I get lost and when that happens I never want to find my way out."
84. "You make my heart smile when I see you, I fall deep into your gorgeous eyes and your smile. It stops my ears from hearing, my lips from speaking, my mind from thinking, but not my heart from loving you."
85. "If I could have a rose for every time I thought of you, The world would be empty of them."
86. "If, out of time, I could pick one moment and keep it shining, always new, of all the days that I have lived, I'd pick the moment I met you."
87. "My love for you is a journey, starting at forever and ending at never."
88. "Within you, I lose myself, without you, I find myself, searching to be lost again."
89. "Sometimes I miss you so much, I just want to rip you out of my dreams and hug you!"
90. "Never give up on love, you never know when you might get a second chance."
91. "I could do without many things with no hardship; you are not one of them."
92. "No matter how many times I try and move on, my heart always takes me back here to you."
93. "When I feel your touch, my knees go weak, and when you say you love me, my whole body goes weak because of the love I have for you too."
94. "If it's the thought that counts you can always count on me; I think about you all the time."
95. "I walk alone through life's dark night; you are my candle, my shining light!"
96. "Not only are you my best friend, you are my life, my thoughts and my dreams."
97. "I can only tell you a little of how much I love you as there are not enough words to describe it, the rest of how I feel is a private conversation between our hearts."
98. "To be is to love; to love you is to be."
99. "As long as you hold me, I am safe from all harm."
100. "It is not what you have done for me that makes me love you so much, it is the joys of who you are and the happiness you bring!"
101. "I love you by no stretch of your imagination."
102. "There is time for everything, but loving you is anytime."
103. "Even if the sun refuses to shine, even if we live till different times, even if the ocean left the sea, there will still be you and me."
104. "If you will asked me to give up everything my answer is no. Why? Because you're my everything and I can't give you up."
103. "My love is powerful and uncontrollable; it does what it desires. I can't stop it from loving you; I haven't got the strength.
104. "The time we have to share our love is brief, it lasts only a lifetime."
105. "Loving somebody makes one perfect and full of inspiration."
106. "If I should die tonight and the reason remains unknown, tell not the whole world, but the one I love that I died of a broken heart, not because you loved me too little but because I loved you too much."
107. "Just because I love you doesn't mean I have to like you right now."
108. "You don't always have to be strong, just remember that I am always here to be strong for you."
109. "With love there is a price to pay, and for you I am willing to go in debt."
110. "I will always love you more than yesterday."
111. "I want to stand with you on a mountain, I want to bath with you in the sea, I want to lay like this forever, until the sky falls down on me."
112. "You can tell me to drop dead, I will and the last thing to escape my lips would be your name."
113. "You are the gold thread running through the warm blanket of my life."
114. "Someone remembers, someone cares; your name is whispered in someone’s prayers. Keep bright hope of the future in view; someone lovingly is thinking of you."
115. "I took a look at myself and said I was going nowhere holding on, but then I looked into your eyes and saw you smile, and my heart just felt those feelings like the first time it did, all over again."
116. "For me, seeing your beautiful smile is worth more than any fancy car or diamond ring."
117. "Tell me ... am I right to think that there could be nothing better than making you my bride and slowly growing old together?"
118. "Love is knowing you will spend every day, of every week, of every month, of every season, of every year for the rest of your life with this person, and thinking, 'This is exactly what I want.'"
119. "How blessed I am that I can walk beside you, lean upon you, and live within the warmth of your love."
120. "Did you know that we all have this big time bomb inside of us? Yeah, it's called love."
121. "I wouldn't die for you, I'd rather live to love you."
122. "What do I get from loving you? Loving you."
123. "I swear that I love but one woman, and that I love you as no other woman was ever loved."
124. "A woman unsatisfied must have luxuries. But a woman who loves a man would sleep on a board."
125. "My desire for you is and always shall be as pure as the tears of lovers in thrall."
126. "You make the world stop spinning; you make time stop ticking. And now, every time I see you, you make my heart stop beating."
127. "I love you for being you and the way you make me feel when I'm with you!"
128. "If the love is there, everything is going to be just fine, and I know the love is there."
129. "Let me not love you, for the rest of your life, but, for the rest of mine."
130. "Watching you fall asleep I long for tomorrow."
131. "When love seems to be on the edge, tie a rope to it's end and hold on, just hold on."
132. "If loving you would mean heartbreak and endless quarrels, it would be worth it."
133. "You have shown me the way of life, the joy of your presence and the pleasures of living with you forever."
134. "I know that each morning is worth waking up to, and each night is worth more than a million good dreams, because I'm with you!"
135. "All the clouds are fading ... sunshine never leaves when you're around."
136. "You make me what I am, and that is for you."
137. "Loving you throughout the whole of eternity is what I needed."
138. "I want to take a lifetime to memorize your face."
139. "And then you looked at me, with those beautiful eyes, and beautiful smile, and I fell all over again."
140. "I'll give you an ocean of love ... with a kiss on every wave."
141. "The moment I looked in your eyes I fell in love. Everytime I look I fall in love again. I've looked so many times, and have gathered so much love. I have so much to carry with me I don't know what to do. So, I'm thinking of putting my love together and sharing some with you!"
142. "I use to dream of the special little things that would mean so much to the heart but since I have met you, they come true every day with you."
143. "I like not only to be loved, but to be told I am loved."
144. "I love you so deeply; I love you so much. I love the sound of your voice and the way we touch. I love your warm smile, your kind thoughtful way, the joy you bring to my life each and every day. I love you today, as I have from the start, and I'll love you forever, with all my heart!"
145. "I will let you go, if it's the only way to make you stay. I'll take all the pain of his shadow, as long as you're beside me."
146. "Tell me, Baby, tell me what I can do to be that one person you dream about, that one person you constantly think about, that one person you can't live without; tell me ...."
147. "I feel so close to you, I see what you're seeing, I smell what you're smelling, I hear what you're hearing, I taste what you're tasting, and in my heart I feel what you're feeling. You're a part of me that I can't live without, because without you, I feel numb."
148. "Hold love in your arms and cradle it dear, for it only comes but once."
149. "You may never know how important you are to me or how much I care for you, but you are and you will always be. Bear in mind that I couldnt afford to lose someone I've learned to care about so much."
150. "If you were the air I breathed, I would not exhale for fear of losing you."
151. "My love, when I'm in your arms, it's like the whole world doesn't exist."
152. "Aphrodite is the goddess of love, and you're the goddess of my heart."
153. "If you were just your heart in a jar, I'd love that jar!"
154. "The best part of loving is not wishing that the person loves you as much as you do them, but the feeling that you love the person far more than you thought you could!"
155. "When you're lost, and you're alone, and you can't get back again, I will find you, and, Darling, and I will bring you home. And if you want to cry, I am here to dry your eyes, 'cause you know in time, you'll be fine."
156. "You know it is love when you want to keep holding hands even after they are sweaty."