 
So what made you to join this dateline and how is it going for you ?
Tell me exactly where you are located and how is life like living out there ?
* Where were you born?
Where did you live most of ur childhood life?
* What was your most memorable childhood moment?
* What was your big childhood fear? (i.e. the dark, monsters, etc.)
What did you always wanted to be when you "grew up"?
Is it what you are doing now? Want changed?
What was your favorite game as a child?
Do you love any tattoos and body piercings?
What sports do you play or like?
* Where did you go to school /college?
What's the funniest thing that has ever happened to you?
What was your most embarrassing moment?
What was the single most significant turning point in your life?
How many brothers and sisters etc. you have?How big is your family?
==============================================
CHARACTER !!
Tell me about ur life style and character ?
What languages you speak?
Are You left or right handed?
What types of music or movies or TV Shows you like?
What do you like for fun and hobbies (both in and outdoors)
Do you smoke, drink or do drugs?
==============================================
BELIEFS !!
What religion, if any, do you believe in?
What things do you feel passionate about?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
What's the difference between love, romance and sex?
Do you believe it is proper for people to express their feelings in public?
 

DREAMS & DESIRES !!
Do you know what went wrong in your past relationships?
Do you know what you want in a new partner?
Have you been married and do you have any kids ?
Do you want children? How many?
What is your idea of a dream...
What is your life dream?
Have you narrowed down your specific desires as to what type of person you want to meet?
If you had three wishes, what would they be?
What do you want most from life?
What did you want to be when you "grew up"?
Is it what you are doing now? What changed?
What if you create the absolute, perfect job for yourself? What would it be?

PREFERENCE & PEEVES !!
Does you prefer the cold or hot? Why?
Are you a morning or night person? Why?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What if you could be a comic strip character? Who would it be?
Are you a cat-person or dog-person?
What do you do when you feel sad or depressed?
What do you do when you feel angry or upset?
What three words best describe you?
Do you save for a rainy day or live life as it comes?
ROMANTIC INCLINATIONS !!
What's your turn on's and turn off's?
What is your idea of a perfect date?
What is your favorite romantic gesture?
What do you dream about at night?
What are the top ten gifts you love would like to receive?
Have you talked about your feelings with someone else?
What is your idea of the perfect romantic gift?
What is your idea of the perfect romantic vacation?
What is your favorite Positiong in Sex?
What's Your Favorite Sexual Fantasy?
What's Your Favorite Way To Be Touched?
QUESTIONS
1) DOES AGE AND DISTANCE MATTERS TO YOU IN A RELATIONSHIP ?
2) WILL YOU LIKE TO RELOCATE SOME DAY IF YOU MEET THE RIGHT MAN OF YOUR HEART ?
3) WILL YOU QUIT FROM THE DATING SITE IF YOU MEET THE RIGHT MAN ?
4) ARE YOU READY TO SETTLE DOWN IF YOU MEET THE RIGHT MAN ?
5) HAVE YOU DATE AN ARMY MAN BEFORE ?
6) WILL YOU LIKE TO DEVOTE TIME AND COMMITMENT TO A RELATIONSHIP IF YOU MEET THE RIGHT MAN ?
7) HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN ON THE DATING SITE NOW ?
8) WHAT DO YOU DO FOR A LIVING ?
How much ongoing stress do you have in your life?
Financially, how would you characterize yourself?
Do you consider yourself as an ambitious person?
How do you feel about relocating for in a relationship?
Which sort of date sounds like the most fun to you?
How romantic are you?
In a marriage how would you feel if the woman made significantly more money than the man?
What is your opinion on your mate having opposite sex friendships?
What are your body-type preferences for your mate?
Are you a passionate person?
If I had a bad day, what is the first thing you would do for me?
How often do you exercise?
Outside of a romantic relationship, are you competitive?
Do you enjoy debating the issues of the day with your partner?
Do you consider yourself physically affectionate when involved in a relationship?
 
 
 
 
Do you consider yourself an ambitious person?
                    If you decided to stay at home for the evening would you tend to:     
                       
                    2.     If you were taken by your date to a party where you knew no one, how would you respond?    
                       
                    3.     How often do you lose your temper?    
                       
                    4.     When in a relationship, how much personal space do you generally find you need?    
                       
                    5.     If you had to characterize the end of most of your romantic relationships, they would be described as:    
                       
                    6.     Which of the following marriage issues do you fear most?    
                       
                    7.     How important is chemistry to you?    
                       
                    8.     Which of the following scenarios would make you more nervous?    
                       
                    9.     How many books did you read last year?    
                       
                    10.     When going somewhere:    
                       
                    11.     Which of the following indoor activities sounds like the most fun to you?    
                       
                    12.    
                    What best describes your parents' relationship towards each other:    
                       
                    13.     What best describes your attitude toward work?    
                       
                    14.     Where do you see yourself living in 15 years?    
                       
                    15.     If you were to marry, how many children would be ideal?    
                       
                    16.     Your idea of adventure is:    
                       
                    17.     On Saturday night, would you rather go to:    
                       
                    18.     What kind of exercise do you prefer?    
                       
                    19.     If you went out to eat with a friend, which of the following would you prefer?    
                       
                    20.     If you could take a dream getaway, where would you most likely choose to spend a week?    
                       
                    21.     Your idea of a romantic time would be:    
                       
                    22.     What style of dress do you prefer?    
                       
                    23.     Which of the following quirks would bother you most about your partner?    
                       
                    24.     Would you rather date someone who is:    
                       
                    25.     What is your opinion of committed long distance relationships?    
                       
                    26.     What do you think of "Soul Mates?"    
                       
                    27.     How important is it to you that your partner be accepted by your family and friends?    
                       
                    28.     How many years have you lived alone?    
                       
                    29.     How romantic are you?    
                       
                    30.     Do you enjoy being alone?    
                       
                    31.     How trusting are you?    
                       
                    32.     Which of the following things would you rather have lots of?    
                       
                    33.     Which sort of date sounds like the most fun to you?    
                       
                    34.     How organized are you?    
                       
                    35.     With which sentence do you agree most?    
                       
                        
                       
                    37.     What is your opinion of traditional gender roles?    
                       
                    38.     Do you consider yourself an ambitious person?    
                       
                    39.     When in a relationship, are you a jealous person?    
                       
                    40.     How do you feel about premarital sex?    
                       
                    41.     Financially, how would you characterize yourself?    
                       
                    42.     How much ongoing stress do you have in your life?    
                       
                    43.     How would you assess your verbal intimacy skills?    
                       
                    44.     Realizing that labels are imperfect, do you consider yourself a dominant person in your personal life?    
                       
                    45.     Do you consider yourself physically affectionate when involved in a relationship?    
                       
                    46.     How do you feel about food?    
                       
                    47.     How often do you find yourself laughing?    
                       
                    48.     Do you enjoy debating the issues of the day with your partner?    
                       
                    49.     Outside of a romantic relationship, are you competitive?    
                       
                    50.     How often do you exercise?    
                       
                    51.     If I had a bad day, what is the first thing you would do for me?    
                       
                    52.     What's your philosophy on travel?    
                       
                    53.     Are pets an important part of your life?    
                       
                    54.     Are you a passionate person?    
                       
                    55.     What are your body-type preferences for your mate?    
                       
                    56.     What is your opinion on your mate having opposite sex friendships?    
                       

                    57.     In a marriage how would you feel if the woman made significantly more money than the man?
 
 
 
 
 
 
Before making a long-term commitment with someone you need to know that you are compatible. You need to make sure that you can live with their life views. The last thing you need is to invest years into a relationship, possibly even get married just to find out you have vastly different views towards educating children, or whether women should work. I'm not saying there are right and wrong views. The only wrong views would be ones you would not be able to handle. For each person this is different. The questions below were devised to help you and your partner find out how compatible you really are. Is this the one person you can see going through life's ups and downs with? Find out!
                What are your religious views?
                Do you believe in a God?
                What are your views about an afterlife?
                How should we agree to handle arguments?
                If you're mad about something how will you let me know?
                If you're having problems would you talk it out or keep it inside?
                Do you like sharing your feelings?
                What are your views about same sex friends?
                How do you feel about ex-lovers being friends?
                How important is a girl's or guy's night out?
                Who should hold the main financial responsibility in a marriage?
                Should a wife stay home with kids?
                What are your views about stay-at-home dads?
                How would you feel about women who make more money than men?
                What are your views towards handling money?
                Do you feel you should save everything?
                Do you feel you should splurge a little?
                How would you rate your ability to handle money?
                How would you handle a debt problem?
                What would you do if your partner became disabled and couldn't work?
                What would you do if your partner face long-term unemployment?
                What would you expect from that partner?
                Would you have an abortion?
                What are your views on abortion?
                Do you want children?
                How many children do you think a couple should have?
                How would you discipline your children?
                Do you think couples should argue in front of their kids?
                Do you feel couples should have displays of affection in front of their kids?
                What are your views on the educational system?
                How would you want your kids taught?
                Public school, private school, home schooling, or other?
                Who do you expect would be the primary care giver for your children?
                What do you feel about interracial couples?
                How do you feel about same sex marriages?
                What are your views on age gap relationships (more than 10 years apart)?
                How would you handle your children if they were involved in one of these types of relationships?
                How would you handle your partner if they developed a problem such as gambling or alcohol?
                What would you do if your partner cheated on you?
                At what point would you consider divorcing a life mate?
                Where do you want to be in 5 years? 10 years? 20 years?
                What are your life goals?
                What are your passions?
                If you had a million dollars how would you spend it?
                Do you believe in marriage?
                Do you believe you should only marry once?
                What do you hope to gain from a marriage?
                What do you expect from a marriage partner?
                What do you feel is the purpose of a couple getting married?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. What is ur favorite color?
    2. What kind of car do u drive and what color is it?
    3. Would u want to get married again or even have another child?
    4. When is your birthday?
    5.Do you like to play with the heart of a man?
    6. What are ur favorite types of food?
    7. Do u attend church?
    8. How tall are you?
    9. What type of music do u listen to?
    10. Are u right handed or left handed?
    11. Do u take showers or bath?
    12. If you were giving three chances ti make a choice in life what would you choose?
    13. Are u an affectionate person?YES Do u like to kiss?
    14. Do you have any tattoos or body piercing?
    15. Are you a handy woman?, for example if I bought a ceiling fan can u put it in?
    16. Do you like to cook? YES Can u cook?
    17. What would Ur ideal mate be like in terms of education, body type, and overall personality?
    18:wold you ever apologies to your husband when ever you at fault or your prefer him apologise?
    19.
    20. When was the last time you had sex? Are u what Americans call a freak in bed?I enjoy the physical part of a relationship .freaky??
    21. what is your favorite -place to go?
    22. Is there any male (s), beside myself, that ur trying to get to know or want to know?
    23. Do u wear jewelry?
    ourtime00: 24. Where were you born?
    25. What made u decide to reply to my messages at MATCH ?
    27. Are u a night or morning person?
    28..what is your favorite -movie?
    29 .What was your most memorable childhood moment?
    30.What's the funniest thing that has ever happened to you?
    31.What was your most embarrassing moment?
    32.What was the single most significant turning point in your life?
    33.What things do you feel passionate about?
    34.Do you believe in love at first sight?
    35.What's the difference between love, romance and sex?
    36.Do you believe it is proper for people to express their feelings in public?
    37.What is your idea of a dream... ?
    38.If you had three wishes, what would they be?.
    39.What do you want most from life??
    40.What do you do when you feel sad or depressed?
    41.What do you do when you feel angry or upset?
    42.What three words best describe you?
    43.What is your idea of a perfect date?
    44.What is your favorite romantic gesture?
    45.What are the top ten gifts you love would like to receive?
    46.What is your idea of the perfect romantic gift?
    47.What is your idea of the perfect romantic vacation?
    48:would you ever spend fund on assisting your partner when in need or in trouble ??
    .........................................................................................................................................................................
  
    1.My favorite color is blue.....once in a great while it is red, if I'm feeling adventurous
    2. I drive a 2003 Cadillac ACTS
    3. Married again, if I found the right woman, and everything was good yes. Me having a kid again it will depend on my partner .. and but not sure for now ..
    4. My birthday is march 13, and I will turn 40years
    5. I don't play games, I had my heart played with another woman and i wouldn't do that to anyone, I've been hurt before and I don't wish that on anyone.
    6.I like most foods, I cook anything i want to eat ..my weakness is potatoes with chicken..
    7. I don't attend church regularly, I was raised Catholic, and had to go to church daily, I feel that religion is to hypocritical so I'm spiritual and believe in the Almighty
    8. I'm 5' 7"
    9. I listen to all types of music, I like R& B old school stuff, I'm a big Patti Labelle fan, don't listen to heavy rock, heavy country or Rap
    10. I'm right handed
    11. I do baths at nights, almost every night ritual, i love hot water and shower in the AM
    12. My three choices in life would be me .. my kid and partnership ..
    13. I'm very affectionate and i like kissing ...no matter here i am even if in public .. but with
    the right person.
    14. No tattoos .. i dont like them
    15. I'm very handy,
    16. Yes I can cook...as I said ..
    17. My ideal mate, education as long as we can communicate, no requirements on body type, personality wise, someone honest, truthful, with integrity, with a sense of humor, someone devoted to the relationship, someone to be my equal, someone who can be passionate, someone who only wants to love me (other than the family)..that a start
    18. When I'm wrong I will be the first to admit it, I'm not perfect, i do make mistakes
    19. when as a couple we fight I expect to work the problems out, usually by talking, from my past I found if you let things go unresolved they never go away ... so i wil talk to you and will understand you and make sure we understand each other.
    20. last ime I had sex was about 3years ago , only been with 1 woman in the last years, in my younger years I'm very physical with my man and hope he is the same, if I'm freaky only she will know it. Sex is an important part of a relationship and it's natural.
    21. My favorite place the beach ...
    22. A female I'm getting to know, I have been emailing to other women, do I think it will develop e into anything no, have I met them-no. they are very infomal emails not relaionship driven ...and will love to get to know you .
    23.yes I wear jewelry... gold once .
    24. I was born in Norway..and have been in the state for some years now ..
    25. well i wrote you bros I liked your profile and wanted to hear more,

    27.I'm more of an afternoon person, I don't like getting up early unless for something special. and I usually go to bed late

    28.My favorite movies is HITCH by Will Smith .it all about love.....
    29. Christmas timetabled be the most memorable,as i surely know i will get some sweets and candy's..Lol
    30. Funniest thing.... a cab ride in Las Vegas, it was with a wild driver, when we got to the destinations we actually fell on the floor laughting.. I will tell you more about it late
    31. Most embarrassing , Right after I posted my profile online I was at a work location and one of the female employees told me he seen my pic & profile, he now always mentions it when I visit that location.
    32. Turning point in my life, my fathers death, it made me realize you really only have yourself, it made me a strong independent man
    33. What do I feel passionate about, my kid, my job, my life the Almighty, someday a Woman , I hope.
    34. Love at first sight, YES I beleive love at first site
    35. Love is feeling deep into your soul, willing to give your all, romance is the act of being in love, the attitudes, the things you do or say, sex is physical gratification, sex can be different than making love, you can have sex but not be in love..
    36.. To a certain degree, not to explicate
    37. MY idea of a dream, finding that true love, that fairy tale love, Happily ever after..and be with her ..
    38. Three wishes, good health for all myself and myrmidon, Being able to help all those I love financially, and finding my soul mate
    39. To be loved truely & honestly, to be able to be true to my self and to live each day to the fullest and for my kid to find the same
    40. When i' sad or depressed I watch movies or try to play with ym kid and talk to my friends on the phone ..
    41. Same as the above
    42 Organized, Happy, Reliable
    43. Someone I truely care about and feels the same about me, don't have to do anything special just being together.
    44. Having my partner give me a massage or me giving the massage- Or letting me be me
    45. Trust, honesty, love unconditionally, sense of humor, communication, then comes flowers , chocolate for my kid , jewelry(for men ), Gift card and any other thing form the heart of the giver
    46. Romantic gift all the above....
    47. Perfect Romantic vacation, being with the true love, on a private beach watching the sun see or rise as we chat ..
    48. When I'm in a committed relationship I feel we share everything, what I have they have, I'm not selfish and expect the same .
 
 
 
 
 