You  lie me down  on the bed and lower your mouth to my wet pussy. Reaching down with one hand ,U push the skin on my clit, upward. Exposing my clitty. Covered with my juices. U begin to lightly lick around it. Up and down at first flicking it. Watching it swell and throb to each one of your tongue flicks. Then u  start racking your tongue across it, from side to side,up and down.

Sucking up all the juices that are leaking out of my hot hole. As u feel and see me getting close to cumming.u will insert 2 fingers up into me. Curling them upward (searching for my g-spot)All the while your tounge licking my  hard clit.
        
your  fingers will find that special place and begin to rub up and down. Watching my  reaction for the spot that i enjoy the most.. Now you will attach your mouth to my  red swollen clit.Sucking it. Drawing it into your mouth. Holding the suction and pushing your tongue against it. Rolling it from side to side. my hips are pumping upward to head thrust. As u  feel i start to cum. u reach up and get my hands and bring them to your head..
       
Telling you to fuck my mouth baby. my  clit swells and starts throbbing as u cum. my hands hold your mouth onmy clit as my  hips buck up and down, on your mouth.your fingers are fucking me, the juices pouring out of my sweet honey hole.

i  cant stand it . Over and over i cum, gasping each time u keep your mouth right on my  clit pulling at it and sucking wildly. Just as i think am done , your hand will spread my pussy lips,.uslowly insert your tip inbetween my  lips and up into my paridise, fuck me feel so good i scream..
        
U start to pump me harder & Harder, faster,faster move your hips in a semi circular motion to hit my g spot as many times possible, as u are fucking me hard u grab for my tits and squeeze my  nipples.u are trusting,pumping, your balls slap against my ass. we are both on the verge of cumming u can feel my pussy tighten around your cock as i begin to spasm and shake.i start to cum on your cock and my  juices are running down your balls as u keep trusting me, your cock is so sensitive,u are  going to cum now toou have to, our love juices need to be together, to flow into each other and down to the floor,u are squirting your load into me and feel my  flow wash over your cock.
       
You grab my hips and pierce my soul With each pounding of your sex your muscles quiver and quake as my pussy tightens and convulses around your cock. the first wave, like an electric shock, emanating from deep within my pussy out to the other parts of your body,

i shake, i squirm and twist as you feel the blast of my wet heat on your pole. and feel your body tighten as you shoot youe  load deep inside of me.Lustful moans escape my  lips Yet again This causes another wave to cum over me, shaking and screammin. i anticipate what is coming next. you slip out and then look down between my legs and see a glob of our cum ooze out of my pussy.you dive down and lick every drop sliding over my clitty. you will Never forget the smell and taste of raw Passion and lust. A Dirty creative mind, makes it very interesting, you sense your sex, you feel my lust, you taste my skank, you see my beauty!! Do i want you???

you drink all of my love juices, then you roll over and lay on your back and tell me to climb on and to fucking ride your cock till I cum. I get on top and insert your dick into me and say ooooh i feel so good.
I slowly start to ride your dick and you reach up and grab my tits and then tell me to fucking ride your dick faster. I respond yes master, I ride you faster and harder and then I say, i am gonna cum again master, You tell me to fucking cum all over your cock," im cummmmming massterrrrrr" I cry, then you roll me off of you and put your cock in my mouth and pull my hair towards you,you tell me that now its my fucking turn to taste our love juice.you am finish and I've licked up all the juices that we've made on your dick.
        
For hardcore play>> Ok you little horny slutfuck, you want me to fuck the shit out of you?Am on my hands and knees sucking your cock. tell you how bad i want you to fuck me. beg you horny, tell you, you re my master.you slap my ass with the riding croup, saying watch the teeth. lol. you start to shove my favorite toy up my sweet little hole, grinding and twisting that piece of shit dilly in and out of my pussy.
Am about to cum, but wait sweety,you quickly turn me over and start sucking out my skank, you drink ever drop, my leg muscles quiver and quake as my pussy tightens and convulses around your tongue.
the first wave, like an electric shock, emanating from deep within my pussy out to the other parts of my body, I shake, I squirm and twist pumping your face to get you in deeper and deeper, as you feel the blast of my wet heat squirt on to your tongue.

you order me to get on the bed on all fours, move to the edge of the bed and slap my ass a few times, then you pull me by the hips towards your cock, which by now is throbbing and is so fuckin hard. You take  your dick in your hand and rub the tip up and dowm on my pussy lips and up to my clit where you rub on this too, my clit is so swollen and sensitive.I scream ooohhhh fuuckkk.  you slowly insert your tip in between my lips and up into my slit, fuck Me I feel so good you say, you want me to be yours. you start to pump me harder and Harder, faster,harder twistin yours hips in a semi circular motion to hit my g spot as many times possible, as you re  fucking me,you grab for my tits and squeeze my nipples.trusting,pumping. we are both on the verge of cumming you can feel my pussy muscles tighten surounding your pole as i begin to spasm and quake, I start to pisscum on your cock and my juices are running down my balls as you keep trusting me, your cock is so sensitive,you re going to blow too, you want our love slutjizz to be together, to flow into each other and down to the floor,you am squirting your load into and feel my flow wash over your cock. woww this is fuccckkkkin intense..

Now you want to fuck my virgin ass, We kiss as your hands wonder over my body ,starting at my hips and slide upward slowly,pausing at my breast, you have cup each one as our lips wetly kissing each other. Your fingers will find my nipples and roll and lightly pull at each one.. Now your hands will go to my back and slowly remove my top ,your fingers will unhook my bra,dropping it to the floor you will set down on the bed and pull me towards you.
        
With me standing you will cup each breast and take turns sucking at each nipple pulling at them with your lips, and pulling away,watching them swell and become harder and harder. Now as you suckle my nipples your hands will move to my  hips and your waist fingers will undo my pants and push them to the floor. then while still sucking me hard nipples you will take your hand and slide it between my legs. your fingers will find my wet Pussy lips and part them. your middle finger will lightly roll my clit as you watch my reaction.
        
if you not see much you will lightly start flicking my clit watching as you do, doing it harder each time until you see what i like best. My nipples are hard as rocks now poking outward, needing/wanting more sucking from your warm mouth. Your fingers work there way inside of my dripping pussy.

You will fuck into me searching for the g-spot and watching my reactions to your probings. After awhile of fingering my pussy, you will pull your fingers out from me and smear my juices all over my clit. your two fingers will straddle my clit and you will start to jack my clit off like a small cock.,sliding the skin up and down my hard clit, seeing if you can make me cum for you while I am still standing in front of you.
After I cum a few times, you feel my legs getting weak you will stand up and kiss me as your fingers roll and pull at my red nipples.. Then lower me ,on my back onto the bed ,pulling my knees upward and spreading my legs . Then will lower head between my spread legs. your mouth will get close to my wet pussy but it will not touch it.. I will feel your hot breath on my pussy lips.Now you will get closer and blow lightly your hot breath on my clit and when you suck air inward I will feel the cool air rush over my clit ,over and over i will feel this hot then cold. Now your hands will go to my hips grasping at me. your mouth will move closer, tongue flicking outward over my clit.Lightly at first then getting harder and harder, watching my response to this.
        
You attach your mouth to my clit, your suction will be mild and as you do this your tongue will flick up and down my clit. then your tongue will go lower parting my pussy lips and sliding into my wet pussy.I n and out you will fuck my pussy, as your hands grip my hips. you will suck up my sweet pussy juice and dip your tongue in deeper and deeper getting more of my sweetness. Your hands will move to my pussy now, spreading my lips ,for your mouth to get on my clit, sucking harder now your tongue will push against my clit and slide from side to side.
        
Rolling that hard throbbing clit, until I think it is going to explode. You will reach up and get my hands, pulling them to your head. Then as your mouth goes to my clit. you will tell me to fuck your face baby, give you my cum! My hips will start to jerk each time your tongue rolls over my clit.I feel the warmth of a hard cum churning deep inside me. My breath quickens and my hands tighten around your head. I start to gasp as my cum starts wave after wave hits me as me cum and fuck your face. After 3 or 4 cums I notice tha you have not stopped sucking and licking mycLit and each cum is getting more and more intense.

My cumming so hard each time now I feel like am loosing my breath. My legs try and close, but you are holding them open. My body is spasming at each cum, I have came so much by now that I can`t tell when one stops and the other one starts.. Your fingers let  my pussy lips close as they move to my soaked pussy hole.You insert 2 fingers and slowly fuck them into me. In and out , you go. Then you slide them deeper and curl the tips upward, pushing on my pelvis. your fingers fuck in and out of me and each time they withdraw they curl upward, raking over my g-spot.. Each time they come into contact with it my mouth opens and I gasp out loud.
        
You work your fingers harder now seeing that g-spot cum is on the way. My legs are spread wide now wanting the good hard cum, that I know is cumming. I hold my breath straining as it hits me, over and over my pussy contracts around your two fingers.My ass is bucking off the bed, and you move your mouth across my clit just as another g-spot orasm hits. I scream out loud as my body is thrashing around on the bed.My pussy starts to squirt it`s love juices. you move your mouth right to my clit sucking up all the juice I can squirt Over and over my cumming.

My hands making fist and slamming onto the bad. I feel as if am going to pass out, but each time I think am going to. Another orgasm hits. After i have seen that my needing time to recover you will slow down your fingering and licking my clit. But not stopping just slowing. Bring the smaller cums out of my wet pussy,mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm