Its good to get an upfront and sincere response from you dear.
CHARLES
Dear we need time to talk to each other and get to know much more about each other, there are lot of things we need to know about each other and I'm not a kind of woman that rush into relationship or marriage.

Dear we have to be so sure and certain of ourselves about making sure that this relationship is what we want out in life and we have to be sure that this relationship is our future and everything.

Though it is right for us to learn from our mistakes. Which makes you resisting and having hard time trusting a woman again in your life.

Dear i want you to know that a relationship is all about TRUST, SINCERITY and HONESTY, all this paramount fact must exist in a relationship before anything can work out of it.

I'm a woman of my word and will always stand by my word. I'm a caring and loving woman, Open minded and Upfront in every aspect of a relationship.

Though miles may lie between us, we're never far apart, for sincere love doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart,if distance were measured in terms of the heart we'd never be more than a minute apart but hey, like I said, distance means so little when you love someone so much.

Dear I will prefer to have your email so as to continue this conversation further through email Kindly send me a short note to my personal email   chriselisa980@gmail. or forward me your email address.

Alright dear. I want you to give me a pet name that only you will be calling me, as for me i prefer to call you honey.

Honey I would like us to build more trust and Honest with faith more in this conversation so that we can move forward and plan more better on how to plan and meet each other face to face.

Honey the desire of my heart is that I meet and grow to love the man with whom I hope to spend the rest of my life. Trust, loyalty and respect are a must for eternal happiness. No matter how much you love someone if you don't have these ingredients you will never succeed.

Honey love is a very courageous thing, it is not automatic or always easy, it has to be nurtured and grown every day, and not taken for granted.

Honey we don’t even need to talk to communicate with each other. By just being together, holding hands, or cuddling, we can sense each other’s thoughts and inner feelings.

Honey from the moment we meet I knew you were a gift from God. You constantly shower me with unconditional love.

Honey there are no words to express the gratitude I feel in my heart that our hearts have come to dwell together as one.

Honey I thank God that He brought you into my life. I had no idea that things would end up like this.

Trust means to believe. I trust you, means I have no doubt in my mind about your honesty, integrity and credibility. No relationship can survive without trust. How to develop and keep the trust in a relationship forever, because as soon as the trust breaks, the relationship breaks. Trust is the foundation on which a relationship is built. If you don’t trust a person, howsoever you may love. Trust remains one of the most important elements in a relationship. 

Without trust in our relationship, failure is sure to follow. Trust in a relationship gives us a measure of peace and calmness that leads to satisfaction and security. Here are a few ways to build the trust  in our relationship. Trust, in a practical sense, means that you place confidence in someone to be honest with you, faithful to you, keep promises, vows and confidences and not abandon you. Here are some factors to consider about trust.

Trusting another person requires a realistic perspective about. Trust needs to be combined with a willingness to forgive and grows best in an environment of acceptance and love.

Expecting a relationship to be sweet and warm without the trust factor would be a mistake, as it does not happen. Honesty brings individuals closer and the same goes where trust remais, and once relationships lack honesty, the rest goes out of control.

I want to tell you that the love I have for you is undying. It is a love that is strong and enduring and will stand the test of time. I truly feel blessed that you have become a part of my life, and I cannot wait for the day that we can join our lives together. I want to lie next to you at night and fall asleep in your arms. I want to wake to your beautiful smile. I want to share in your joys and sorrows.

I promise to always love you and always hold you in my heart. I will always be here for you when you need me, and I will love you no matter what life brings us. You are my soul mate, and I vow to love you all eternity. I love you, baby.

Honey i just want you to know the fact that I will get to spend the rest of my life with you fills me with so much joy that I want to cry.

Honey you make me feel loved, you make me feel safe, but more importantly, you make me feel wanted.

Honey I will be by your side whenever you need me and I hope I am and always will be in your heart and in your dreams forever. I Love you honey.

emmanuel5050 

Honey love is huge, I will work hardest to reach it. My love is only for you. I will present it just for you, just for you. When I met you, my heart shook. I haven't been able to escape you. I will hold you all my life, it's my promise for you my husband.