https://t.me/Moneymaker0666

Hi there.You seem look alot like the future i have been hoping for ..Would be very nice to get to know ..How are you doing today ?

I am doing pretty fine ..

How long have you been on this site ?

I just joined recently , a couple of days ago ,I think two or three days ago ..

Any luck yet ?Have you found mr.Interesting already or even better mr.RIght ?

I havent been lucky on here ,I am starting to think this online dating thing isnt meant for me ..

Are you willing to devote time and commitment if you find Mr.Right ?Even if it means to spend most of your time behnd the computer or on your phone ?

I am willing to devote time and attention to that special woman .I dont mind spending my whole day chatting with her and all night talking to her as long as she also wants ..


What do you for a living if I may ask ?Does your job keep you busy all day ?

I am in the army ...I am a very busy man but that wont keep me from talking to Mrs,interesting .

HAve you ever dated an army man ?

I am however overseas for the next 7 weeks,actually, retiring in 7 weeks ,is that a problem ?

I am currently deployed on a peace keeping mission here in Syria .


How best would your ex describe you ?

Mine would say interesting,Affectionate ,kind and caring .


What is the most adventurous thing youve done this year so far ?

I had a hiking experience At Zion National Park in Utah ..


I like to play basketball and video games and also go to the beach for walks and picnics,that is my idea of fun ,,What is yours ?


THis is getting interesting and I would love to get to know you more and chat with you more everyday and even better ,Would you ?

Perfect .Can we exchange emails so I can send you a few of my pictures and stay in touch with you there? ,,Thatll be very convenient for me .. 


Thank you so much ,,I will mail you a few pictures as soon as i can ..take care..Nice chatting with you ...

Excuse my manners ,I am James ,You are ?

Nice to meet you .....

Take care .Chat later ...

About me
I am a very open minded person, someone who accepts people as they are. I am a fair individual who adapts to changes in life and enjoys life to the fullest and looking to meet a woman that i can spend the rest of my life with in good times and in bad times as well


https://t.me/Moneymaker0666