Trust is the easiest thing in the world to loose, and the hardest thing in the world to get back." To dream anything that you want to dream. That's the beauty of the human mind. To do anything that you want to do. That is the strength of the human will. To trust yourself to test your limits. That is the courage to succeed.

  The glue that holds all relationships together - including the relationship between the leader and the led is trust, and trust is based on integrity.

   you are like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.

love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back. Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.

Love is a choice you make from moment to moment. I love thee, I love but thee With a love that shall not die Till the sun grows cold, And the stars grow old... Three passions have governed my life: The longings for love, the search for knowledge, And unbearable pity for the suffering of [humankind]. 

Love brings ecstasy and relieves loneliness. In the union of love I have seen in a mystic miniature the prefiguring vision of the heavens that saints and poets have imagined. With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of [people]. I have wished to know why the stars shine. Love and knowledge led upwards to the heavens, But always pity brought me back to earth; Cries of pain reverberated in my heart Of children in famine, of victims tortured And of old people left helpless. I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer.

This has been my life; I found it worth living Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil, but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails.

I Corinthians 13:4-8 It seems no matter where you are in a relationship it's always lacking trust, and like a key opens a door, trust is what opens a heart. Without trust you begin to worry day and night somehow gaining insecurities within yourself that makes you question the love you two share. You start to feel unworthy, you have so much to say, will there ever be trust or just that constant pain, because of those feelings there's an emptiness in your heart. you feel it's easiest to just move on, but you wonder if you'll ever find a love so strong, so just take his hand, put your trust in him, because love without trust isn't love at all.....

  Love without trust is like a perfume without a scent, It's like buying a home without a single cent... Trust is the foundation of love, it's the steel in every building, It's the soul in every body, where life is living... Without trust things can easily fall apart, Including breaking a loved one's heart.

   Love without trust is like climbing the mountains on your own, It's like movie in-the-making that will never ever be shown... Trust is the sweetest sound you will ever hear, It could even take away a person's deepest fear... Without trust things will never be the way they are, Love will never grow nor travel very far. Love without trust is like winter without the cold, It's like a pirate's lost treasure without the gold...

  Trust is the greatest landscape your eyes can see, There's no doubt, even the blind man can agree... Without trust things will not fall into place, Love will be forever lost in a maze.

   Love with trust in order to live each day well, Walk in a garden with pleasant flowers to smell... Let your heart listen to the sweet sounds of trust, Let love sorround it and make it the very crust... 

Open up your eyes, witness the solemn peace,And how love with trust can put your life at ease.

My definition of love... is different from the book my definition of love is more than just a look love is more than a word more than a song, more than a note love is more than a poem more than anything i've wrote love is reaching out to touch someone to be sure that they're there love is leaning in to kiss someone to remind them that you care love is looking her in the eyes and whispering in her ears love is cuddling when she cries and catching all her tears love is the warmth shared between hugs when everything else is cold love is knowing they'll still be there when everything else is old love is hearts beating faster and faster while everything else is slowed down love is singing sweet songs to her even if hundreds are around love is driving through the rain to help someone through tough times love is me wishing that you'll love me too wishing you'd be mine love isn't just holding hands love is holding hearts love isn't where it ends.... love is where it starts... 

Have you ever just sat and cried all because the one you loved lied. Have you ever wondered why should I try when all that boy does is make me cry. Have you ever just played your part even though you knew he'd been cheating on you from the start. Have you ever loved somebody in every way to the point you didn't know what to say. Have you ever just came apart because the one you loved played with you heart. Have you ever wished upon a star but that wish never went very far. Have you ever laid down at night and thought why did I start that stupid fight. Have you ever felt used and all this time been confused. Have you ever felt like giving up when you had your girls beside you always cheering you up. Are you tired of writing you first name with his last knowing it will never be. ME TOO!! Now the day is finally here.. I look at myself in the mirror Tears no longer stream down my face.. I've found someone new to take your place. So now I say my final goodbye. I won't miss you or everything you've put me through.. Now it's my time to speak my mind, and I'll be just fine.. So here and now I'll tell you the truth.. I say goodbye to you