Hello,

Thanks for the response. I will like to use this opportunity to tell you some more about me. My name is Tolestorres.I am 53yrs old,I am a widower, I live in Cambridge, I'm Self Employed Construction Engineer. I seek LTR and do not mind a LDR to achieve this; though the distance i feel its up to both of us to determine if we gonna be or not. Sincere love doesn't count the miles, it's measured by the heart,if distance were measured in terms of the heart we'd never be more than a minute apart but hey, like I said, distance means so little when you love someone so much, and its up to us to determine if we gonna be together or not, and its worth a try.

I was once married to a loving, caring, honest and sincere woman until death came and took her away from me; i lost my wife 8yrs ago. I have a daughter shes 16 yrs , she is all i have for now..she is loving and intelligent like me. I have a kind heart and I have a lot of love in my heart to give it to my beloved woman. Am optimistic and do hope a day would come I would see a woman that will fill my life with sunny rays of happy family life. Though we have good and bad habits, we would have to share it together and accomodate each other, that way we would be in-seperable.I will do my best to create warm tender atmosphere and special coziness where one can feel comfortable, i like people that are free and express themselves easily.

My ambition is to inspire my beloved woman constantly, to help her to keep the balance between career and private life, just as she would also inspire me to do good. Love is most paramount for me, i need a companion to share my life with, who wants to create a strong family. I want to take long walks with her and share what life has in stall for us both joy and sorrow. I'd like to look up to her as an authority for me, be proud of her, adore her, be supportive, she would have my devotion, understanding,kindness, care, calmness, cheerfulness,soul support and my great love. I expect to get all these traits from her too in return, Everyone wants something good for themseleves, or dont you wish yourself well? i want something good for me and my kid, thats why i wanna be with you.

, and thats what am all out to do. There are so many interesting things about me, i am realy fun to be with, and am hoping a special person like you would compliment me. I will be waiting to read back from you.A little more about me: I am intelligent, smart, honest, i don't smoke, but drink socially and NOT to get drunk lol, i also have a good sense of humor. I love to make others laugh and like to laugh too. Pscheww looks like i have typed away, i would love to know more about you too, please describe yourself, dreams, aspirations and feel free to tell me anything about you, meanwhile i would love to know the following:
  For i would NEVER date a married woman, for i know i would not like it if someone was wooing my wife.
How long have you been on the site ?
What do you seek from the site?
What do you do for a living?
How many kids do you have and how old are they?
Do they live with you?
Do you have any pets?
 
I have attached a picture of myself to this email,,tolestorres@yahoo.com let me know what you think.I would be waiting to read from you.


------------------------------------------------------------------


Thanks for the message, its great to read from you once again, Concerning what i do for a living and more about me. I feel its important at this juncture to let you know the personality of whom you writing to. I studied  Engineering in University of Technology,my main field is in construction, i do Construct and assemble Power Plants, Generating Transformers, Bridges, Routers, Cells, Inverters, etc. I was born in Poland,  My daughter name is sandra she is 16 years old, she has a passion for Buildings, skycrappers etc.

I travel alot because of my work and i have been to all 50 states and also out of the states. I have plans to retire in 8months, not as strong as i used to be,and moreover i think i have made quite a great deal of fortune, both in knowledge and in wealth but i do lack one thing: Am without LOVE. I guess the death of my wife also took a toll on me and also turned me to a workaholic, so i wouldn't think about it so much. I am over that now, and ready to move on, need a comforter and a true companion, and not the stress of work. A fun Saturday for me is to visit the Hermann wineries when the weather is nice. One of my favorite vacations was taking a helicopter ride and horseback riding in the Grand Canyon.

Am sure you might have pondered why i did study in Jamaica, lol my dads native american and my moms from Jamaica. I have an accent,  I am the only son of my Parents and My parents passed away 12yrs ago.Its just me, my daughter and my little bull dog Murphy. Well concerning sexuality, i am not a promiscuous man, my desire is to be sexually faithful to the woman I marry. If two people love each other and will communicate on their likes and dislikes about their partner's sexual behavior, I believe many problems can be resolved. Looking good is what i spend most of my time doing. I need real love. I dont play games and am not ready to be played.Distance is not a problem. If I find the right woman. I don't mind relocating as long as I find the right woman; and i hope you feel the same way vice versa. I will like to know you better because I like to have the woman who is ready to spend the rest of her life with me and start our sweet family! Life is too short to play games. I am a very busy one lol.

My Belief is there's one woman out there that can help me find that Love and affection again. Someone who is Understanding, Kind, good sense of Humor, Loving, caring, honest, sincere, passionate and affectionate, The Bible says" Seek the Kingdom of God first and every other thing shall be added on to you" I've sort the kingdom so I'm waiting for my Dream woman and i believe when i have a woman that is honest and caring, she wouldn't hurt my feelings and emotion which i have for her; thats why i have been patient and waited this long. Most people doesn't know what it take to hurt another ones feelings and emotion and how it feels so I'm not into playing games.

I am a religious person, i attend a Pentecostal Church, i like to work out and i am very active, i do Martial Arts too, karate,Judo, its just a way ofexercising. I do Yoga to soothe my body and mind, visit the spa also. I am Very much considerate and thoughtful of others, Absolutely i treat others as you would like to be treated,I don't lose my temper very often; rarely,I love to Read, listen to music, or watch a movie when am alone. Favorite Countries Asia, France, and Australia, I like cooking, i eat anything and everything from sea food to Mexiacan, like Taco alot. I am Extremely patient, and romantic, I have so much to give the right woman, she would never question my emotions, i wear them on my sleeves.

I love unconditionally; i feel there's no other way to being true with your partner. What's more important to me love or money? Love, but money makes it easier, I love the beach, i find it so peaceful and calming. Some of my most cherished memories are there. Kindly send me some pics of you I will like to see more of you and I will love to know more about you.

What do you seek in a man?
What is your like and dislike?
Do you enjoy cooking?
DO you attend Church if yes what church do you attend?
Are you patient?
Are you romantic?
Do you love unconditionally?
Have you ever been unfaithful to your mate?
What do you do for fun?
Do you like public intimacy?

Hope to read from you soon.


---------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks for the mail, I am really happy i got a response. I know you would have read more about me in all my previous message. i live in kent anytime am in UK, and i grow up in waikiaki in perth, am so sorry i dont have a cam because we are not allowed to used that here and i dont even have a mobile phone, we use SSB radio   
      I know I will be hoping to meet you soon if things works out between us and please feel free to as me any more questions. I love everything you write in your messages. I really get lonely at night so i work for long hours so as not to think or feel bad about my present situation. I am sure I am very close to the end of the situation. I feel that special woman that I am looking for is really close to me now. I am not trying to shop for women as I hate head games, I seek LTR like i told you earlier. I am searching for that woman that would make me feel complete. The woman that would be there for me all the time both in the happy and the sad moments of live. I have only loved once and I want to love again since my late financie has passed some years ago I have never dated any since then cause i was hurt by the ones i met ...

I want a woman that I would be able to share both my good and bad experiences with. A woman that we would both love each other for the rest of our lives. I can understand that you have been through a lot. For now, I would like to know what you like in a man, I mean what you expect from a man, how you expect him to behave and how you expect him to treat you. I think I have stated that I am looking for a long term relationship and I am not ready to settle for less. I am not into casual relationships; i drive a truck 2008 Toyota Tacoma, i call her "T.T" lol. I enjoy going to the movies Very Much,live theater, karaoke Its great!, I enjoy walking in the park its makes me think and appreciate nature. I like sports watching Baseball and NFL, favorite team is Pittsburgh Steelers, i play Golf.

What's are your favorite things?: cars, sports etc I enjoy classic and country from the 80s &90s also do R&B music,My three favorite movies Sound of Music, As Good As It Gets, The Lake House, My favorite actor is Bruce Willis, i also like Sean Cornery but he's retired so i stick with Willis i guess, favorite actress Julia Roberts, My favorite singer Barry Manilow, If am were granted one wish, what I will ask is a True Love.
Dislikes: I hate unfaithfulness but I am not jealous.

Basically that's all on me for now unless if you're willing to know more, then you can ask!. meanwhile I'll love to know more about yourself also.

Since when have you joined the dating site?
When is your birth Day?
When dining out what food do you enjoy?
How much do you enjoy a walk on the beach?
How much do you like reading?
Do you enjoy going to the movies?
Which sports do you most enjoy watching?
What car do you Drive?
What type of music do you prefer?
Do you exercise regularly?
Are you considerate and thoughtful of others?
How often do you lose your temper?
What do you do when you're alone?
When you go anywhere are you usually on time?
How often do you like to go out?


---------------------------------------------------------------------

Am always straight forward with all my messages, i face the fact, we are not kids that i have to beat around, i go straight to the point, i am sorry if am so blunt, but i just have to say my mind...We need time to talk to each other and get to know much more about each other,We have to be so sure and certain of ourselves about making sure that this relationship is what we want out in life, maybe you dont even want a relationship....but if you want a relationship with me, then We have to be sure and certain of ourselves that this relationship is our future and everything.. Everything in life happen for a reason, my being lonely for a very long time makes me want a companion and a man to share my feelings with, I'm in search of a soul mate to spend the rest of our life's together.I hope you know Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It's not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end

No one is perfect and we could only give it a trial. Though it is right for us to learn from our mistakes. Which makes you resisting and having hard time trusting a man again in your life. i am so sorry if am so blunt , but A Relationship is all about TRUST, SINCERITY and HONESTY, all this paramount fact must exist in a relationship before anything can work out of it. I'm a man of my word and will always stand by my word. I'm a caring and loving man, Open minded and Upfront in every aspect of a relationship. so let me know what you think about this??


---------------------------------------------------------------------
Thanks for the immediate response. I understand we need time to talk to each other and get to know much more about each other.I have been thinking about you since i started reading from you. I can see we are looking for the same things. Love is a noble act of self-giving, offering trust, faith, and loyalty. The more you love, the more you loose a part of yourself, yet you don't become less of who you are, you end up being complete with your loved ones.Don't just love him, but show him,As food is needed for the body, them same way love is needed for the soul. Food strengthens the body while love strengths the soul. A person is incomplete without love,I don't believe in love at first sight anymore, I cried too much over it to believe in it, I think I need glasses to see accurately 'cause I can never really see the right one for me,well am very happy meeting you,i have been lonely for years just because i don't wanna meet the wrong woman,i will be very happy to come over to you,i just hope you are not playing with my heart.

I want a man that is loving and caring. A man that would love me for me and always be there for me both in the time of sorrow and in the time of happiness. A man that would give me a shoulder to cry on when I am sad, and laugh with me when I am happy. I have all these in folds and I am ready to return them to that special man. I am a God fearing woman, A one man's woman to say. I don't play games and I feel we are both matures and we don't need to bit around the bush any more. I believe one thing in life that there is no one in life that is perfect, only that we need to make the best out of what ever we've got. It is quite obvious that we are looking for the same thing in a partner and here we are together. I feel it is the right time for me to quit my search and stay with you. I can imagine a better future ahead of us. I hope I am not getting too forward for you but I am saying my mind. I feel it is high time for me to love and be loved again. What do you feel about that? Waiting to read from you.


---------------------------------------------------------------------

Hello,
  I rushed to my computer to come and look for your message. I am really anxious to see what you have for me in the message plus what I have in mind that I want to send to you. After reading your message over and over, I have been thinking about something and I am finding it difficult to put them into words as I am considering myself to be anxious. Its quite obvious that we are looking for the same thing in a partner and here we are together. I feel it is the the best time for us to find love and quite loneliness. On one hand, I feel "the patient dog eat the fattest bone like that says" and on the other hand I feel the earlier the better as I like what I have seen and it is what I have been looking for. You may be wondering about what I have seen despite that we have not meet yet, what I have seen in you is internal beauty and that is what I have been looking for. Although, physical attraction is necessary but not really important to me. I believe internal beauty is the best. I learned so many things in your previous messages that made me imagine what it would be like to be beside you. You may feel that we don't know much about each other but I feel the ones we know are the basics and even if we stay on the same street, we can never know everything about each other. In life we live to know more everyday.
 
I feel this is the best time for me to love and be loved again and how about you? I imagine a brighter future for both of us. I hope I am not too forward or being pushy but I am only pouring my mind. I'm the most excited soul on earth reading such a wonderful ,Very sweet and passionate letter from you..You indeed sound so wonderful and so compassionate..I don't ever believe i could meet someone sweet and great like you in my life...I felt for you right from the first moment i saw your profile..You look so great and so passionate ,I never believe i could be this lucky to meet someone like you... You make me so happy in just a little time and i will be so glad if you can have the same feelings as i do.. I felt for you right from the start.

Lots of Love

---------------------------------------------------------------------
I just see myself keep searching for your email and believe me i am getting so acquainted to you . The bad things in life open your eyes to the good things you weren't paying attention to before....Love is not about finding the right person, but creating a right relationship. It's not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end....If it is meant to be, our hearts will find each other when we meet. And if our hearts melt together so will our bodies and souls. Then every word and every touch will fuel our passion flame. I will be yours, you will be mine, and we will be one....What is more important to you the love you share, the memories you have or the lover?

Ever since we started sending the recent messages we've sent to each other...I've been to be sincere i am thinking about you.Wow! So here I stand, among the digital masses. We're not so different after all. Here I stand,surrounded by people who've met on-line, People who've loved and lost, and people who are found, and somehow, in a desperate world, found each other. So what do I say that hasn't already been written, or been already said? Hmmm, pretty tough! Okay... try this: I no longer need to hope for love by going to bars,supermarkets,church, chat rooms, etc. I don't have to search for love, since i have found you.I prayed for a miracle, wished for a prince, and God brought me heaven here on earth, and thats you.
Thanks for coming into my life.


****************** Ingridents To Any True Relationship **************

Just thought I would share with you some of MY thoughts on Relationships: I believe that the ideal relationship must have three very important elements, TRUST, RESPECT and PASSION. Trust is very important because it is what makes one comfortable, knowing that their partner will always be faithful and honest, jealousy is the opposite of trust and is the seed of destruction, without trust a good relationship cannot exist. Respect, both parties must respect each others as equals and never try to gain an unfair advantage over the other one, many relationships go on for years with one party always dominating the other, but sooner or later the other party resents this and love is lost. And then there’s passion, this is the fireworks that go off when two people are in love, it’s the chemistry, it’s the touching and caressing that everyone needs and shows your partner that you really do care. Many relationships begin with only the physical attraction but they must have trust and respect to endure.It's very rare when you have all three, but it's wonderful. Just as music soothes the mind, so love is needed to soothen the soul.Hope to hear from you soon.

Love

******************* What Love Is To Me  *********************

I am happy to read from you again.  I just see myself keep searching for your email and believe me I am getting so acquainted to you . Ever since we started sending the recent messages we've sent to each other. I have been thinking about you and to be sincere you are always in my thought and imaginations.
  Since the first time that I viewed your profile, I have  felt a great impulsion on me and ever since then I have been thinking about you, I thought you might be an end to my search or to say a realization of my dreams because you are just what I am looking for, when keep reading from you, I can feel it that my dream is becoming a reality.this is what I have been searching for and I would not trade this for anything in the whole world, So I want to see where this go and being for you alone, I will give this a total chance and I am sure it would take me where I want .

Love is like planting a seed and should grow as the relationship grows. Again LOVE to me is the result of absolute trust, mutual respect for one another and passion, That feeling of wanting to be with your lover. It's Fireworks,  It's the feeling that you would climb the highest mountain for, swim the deepest ocean for and the comfort of knowing he cares about you also. If you could see inside my soul, see inside my heart you would know how I long to see you and sit with you. If you could see inside my head, if thoughts were things to see you would know how I cherish you and how much you mean to me. You found me when I felt there is no more hope. Made me happy when I thought all happiness are gone. You mean so much to me and I really want to make you happy and make you feel like a KING all the time. I really want to thank you for coming into my life.

Bye For Now


---------------------------------------------------------------------

At this point i will have love to talk to you over the phone but we dont use phone here, we only use use SSB radio, we use that to communicate with each other here, but dont worry i will be with you soon, just let me know when you want me to come, so i can start finding out about the leave process..Since i first viewed your profile, I felt a great impulsion on me and ever since then i have been thinking about you ,you are an end to my search or to say a realization of my dreams because you are just what i am looking for and you know when i keep reading from you, i feel you drawing closer and closer to me, and thats coming to be true and i pray and hope it does. I will go on the site and delete my profile because this is what i have been searching for the past years and i would not trade this for the whole world, so i want to see where this go and being for you alone, i will give this my absolute 100% devotion and i am sure it will take me to where i want .

I hope you have done the same and delete your profile on the site to see where we go from here so we can concentrate on each other and see what we have for each other...When I was a little girl,I dreamt of that one special person that I would share my dreams, happiness and energy with ... I could not see his face but he was there. I always felt like he was out there, I just needed to feel him. I visualized the bond we would have and the courage he would give me to endure life's obstacles. All these years I was with others, and feeling my way through life, learning lessons that later on would prepare me to become the woman that I am now. I have felt alone and sad. Then one day my eyes opened and I became that little girl again ... realizing that he is here now. Here in my world is the man in my dreams.

Life is a Journey Meant to be shared; and i would share my journey with no-one apart from one special love, and that man is you.

Awaiting to read from you soonest

-------------------------My Vision To You-------------------------------------------

The miracle of life shone in front of my eyes when you entered my life. Nothing can be compared to this feeling of filling up somebody's life. The excitement which tortures me while waiting for you to send me an email, the sweet emails that keep me awake even when I'm exhausted to death, because I wouldn't miss a thing. The feeling that you know every corner of my heart. All these things are the most beautiful signs of my love for you.every single word you say is a part of my soul,when I am writing to you; you always make me feel needed.most of all you make me feel safe, emotionally and mentally. Thank you for being part of my life. I'm very happy with you and I could not ask for a better man than you. Thank you for being an exceptional man - you are one of a kind
There is so much I want to tell you, a lot has been running through my head lately. I'm having trouble putting my thoughts into words so you will have to bare with me through this.I keep thinking about the future, about life, and what I want out of it. I keep thinking about us and what this relationship means to me.* I keep thinking about these things and I realize they go hand in hand. This relationship is my future; it's what I want out of life.

Here are a few things I wish to do with you at some point in this lifetime: Be your best friend, i want to grow old with you. I want to experience this crazy love forever and ever, and I really think I'm going to get it. I want us to walk through new houses picking the one that would be just right for us. I want to see you walk around our house in a big t-shirt and catch me staring at how gorgeous you are. I want you to pull the covers off me at night and then I have to get even closer, if it's possible, to you to keep warm. I want to see you laugh like crazy at me when I do stupid stuff.Blindfold you and take you somewhere romantic. Spend my life making you happy. Spend my life making our family happy. Feel your heartbeat. Go roller/ice skating together. Give you a backrub just because. ALWAYS being honest with each other. Go hiking/camping together. Have our first fight, make up and feel a stronger bond because we very successfully weathered the storm - together. Laugh at someone together. Share a plate of spaghetti. Go on a fun family vacation and bring back the kind of memories movies are made of. Treat you like my KING, Envelope you in my soul.Look over at you during an office/military/family party and have you know without me saying a word - that I love you. Be able to say "I love you" in 89 different ways - in 89 different countries. Hold you when you're at your saddest and comfort you when you need it the most. Be the one you come to for that comfort and holding. Wipe away the days' stresses and issues, with just one hug/kiss.

Get caught with you in the rain. Dance with you in the rain. Stargaze on a clear night. Watch the sunset together. Spend all day with you doing nothing. Moonlit walks on the beach. Be more proud of you than I already am at this very moment. Go on a carriage ride through the park. Do a crossword together. Go to brunch. Have a disagreement (it could/will only make us stronger). Go for a twilight horseback ride. Watch a bad movie together. Spend the rest of my life with you. Have our picture taken together. Eat ice cream with you. Make love to you passionately.I want to rub lotion all over your body because you laid out in the sun too long. I want to hold you when you cry and smile with you when you smile. I want to fall asleep every night with you in my arms. I want you to fall asleep on my chest listening to the beat of my heart and know it beats for you I want you to be the first thing I see when I wake up and the last thing I see when I go to sleep. I want to see your bad morning hair; I think it will be so cute. I want to sit on the beach with you and watch the sun set, and I want all the people who pass us to envy the love that we obviously have for each other.I want to see you walk down that isle and I want to take your hand for the rest of my life. I want to spend all night, and maybe the next day, making love to you with an undying passion (sorry to be so blunt). I want to sit there talking to you for hours about nothing at all but in the same time everything or maybe we won't talk at all and just grin at each other realizing how lucky we are. I want you to get mad at me for doing something stupid, and I want you to bust out laughing when you try to yell at me.

Lastly I want us to run outside in the rain and act like total kids getting completely soaked, and when we come back in stripping down to nothing as we stumble into the bedroom, or the kitchen counter, or the balcony, or the dining room table, or an office desk, or the shower, which ever one we feel like at the time.I want it to take your breath away every time I say, "I love you" because you know it's coming from the  heart.I want us to sit down with a box of strawberries, a bottle of chocolate syrup, and a thing of mint chocolate ice cream; well, I'll let your imagination finish that one. I want to love you and be with you for at least forever if not a little longer. I couldn't really express in words what I'm feeling right now so I decided to share with you SOME of the images and thoughts that have been running through my head.I just want you to know that I had never found someone I wanted to spend the rest of my life with until I met you. I rea lly am crazy about you, Everything about you.Spend all night thinking of 101 sweet things to do for you. Hold you and gaze into your eyes and realize how much I love you...and tell you.

Love Always,

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Give love a chance to swallow you up. Don't just think it will happen in a instant, it will surprise you before you know it, but it will be the most rewarding experience you will ever have.....You know when you're truly in love, when all you can do is just be speechless and stare at nothing 'cause you're just amazed that you just found this incredible person....I'll surrender my world to you if that is the only way I could become a part of yours......The beating of my heart is a drum, and it's lost, and it's looking for a rhythm like you....We attract love by the emotions we display; we retain love by the emotions we possess...... I don't need anyone to take advantage of my weaknesses or my strengths, I need someone who will appreciate me for everything that I am.....Never turn your head from love and later wonder why you have such a stiff neck.....Love is hard to find, but once you find it you won't regret it...... may not be your first, but to be your last would be perfect.....If I don't know what true love is, how will I ever find you.... but I think you're perfect, think of how amazing it will be to find the one who is you Don't let real love pass you by.....Love happens whether you want it.

Love and friendship is what I feel with you, it is not just that we are lovers, we are also friends, and that is what makes our relationship much better. The greatest of lovers don't make the best of friends, remember that, and when there comes a time when you feel that things can't get any worse, think of me, for I can try my best to bring you all the happiness in the world. I want to grow to love you more and more everyday, and I do not know right now what I would do without you. Sometimes I would like to think my love for you is like a great dream, I don't want to wake up because I don't want to lose that love. I will be by your side whenever you need me and I hope I am and always be in your heart and in your dreams forever.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am so afraid to love again. I am scared my little heart might get broken again. If you promise me that you would never hurt me. But, I am just so afraid to love again. IF you promise me a life of happiness. But, I am just totally afraid I will be lonely again. When, my heart got broken for the last time, I was just so afraid to cry because it was the wish of God., I want a life time with you, and for the last time. I am not going to be afraid to love again. I believe in my heart that you are serious about us. I will be happy to be your Wife.I was afraid to love again, but God showed me the way so I am going to is guiding me in the right direction this time. So now I am not afraid to love you and Only you again.

Love always ,

---------------------------------------------------------------------
If I haven't told you - I am so lucky to have you in my life. I adore and love you so much! You are a wonderful man and words cannot convey how much you mean to me. Just thinking about these feelings makes me tingle all over - to this day I still have butterflies in my stomach . I feel like these feelings should be left for teenagers only - I don't know if you understand what I am saying: it feels great to actually love and be love in return. I never feel less or more when I am writing to you; you always make me feel needed.most of all you make me feel safe, emotionally and mentally. Thank you for being part of my life. I'm very happy with you and I could not ask for a better man than you. Thank you for being an exceptional man - You are one of a kind



---------------------------------------------------------------------
I could describe you with one word... delicious. I dream of you here with me with nothing on but our imaginations.I can almost feel you here... caressing me... touching me.You are the fire burning inside of me; you are my passion for life.In the deep of the night I dream of your touch.I am dying to feel your touch all over my body..I can feel the fiery passion of desire begging to be shared in a blissful night of paradise.I love the way you love me.I want to evoke such a passion within you that leaves us both breathless..You are the fire that burns the passion within my soul..Loving you makes me desire you even more.Did you dream of me touching you last night?The passion we share together just leaves me wanting one thing… more!
We may have never touched each other or our lips have never kissed but I know in my heart you are VERY sweet to the taste from the tip of my tongue as it caresses your body ever so gently! Smile! I love you! I need you to be a part of me as we walk through the journey of life together and our love shall flow like a river together. I am all yours forever and ever!I want you to make love to you every minute of every day.When you can count all the stars in the sky; that's when I'll stop wanting you.You are mine forever.


---------------------------------------------------------------------
What does your love mean to me? I'd give you the oceans and the seas I'd give you all eternity if I could Make life easy for you, I would. I would take away all your pain Bring you sunshine instead of rain I would take all your hurt away Your sky would never be gray. I would offer you the moon and stars But you see I can't, they are not ours All these things I would give to you But My Darling, these things I can't do. I only have my love to offer you A love that would always be true I love you more than you will ever know With all I do for you, I hope that it shows.I hope that my love will be enough for you Bring you happiness your whole life through And In the end when my time is due My Darling, I will still go on loving you.

My love, passion, and devotion for you will never end,As long as you are in my life You are the reason I stay around,You make my life seem so sound. You helped me forget my past,Which is something I need to do?I thank you greatly for that,Is your love for me true? You wouldn't treat me like you do, If it was true That's what I am thinking, Would you?


---------------------------------------------------------------------jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
It seems like we've been together for so long that I think I've known you forever. I feel the nearness of you even though I know we are miles apart. I feel your touch knowing we haven't been around together. I feel your breath knowing we haven't kissed. I have all these feelings because I am connected to you not physically but mentally and wholeheartedly. I have you in my heart since the day we got together. I could feel my heart beating fast every time I see your messages for me and your outpouring of love just enveloping with passions and emotions and I cannot help but shed a tear or two for all the wonderful things you say to me. I am looking forward to all those and we'll see to it that we do most, if not all, The things that you want us to do together.

I love you. I love every little thing about you. I love your cute smile, your magical eyes, and the sound of your voice. I love your gentle touch, and I love the warmth I feel when I’m by your side. I can't stop thinking about you as we are apart. I need you by my side. You complete me. You mean the world to me. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me. You are the one I've always wished for. I never thought that I would ever meet someone as special as you. I love each and every moment I share with you.


---------------------------------------------------------------------
My heart has already found it's way you. I want you and no one else. You mean everything to me. I think we should try and make this work. You have to
know you're the one, and only one I want. Not only are you perfect for me, you're the perfect lover and I hope we can and will be more. I could never ask for better than what we have had. I hope you feel the same way because my heart is set on you, and only you,

I want to hold your hands to entangle it with mine and tell you we'll be holding our hands tightly together for us to be stronger and face whatever there is to face in our future. I want to caress your face and look into your eyes to tell you that we will be honest and loyal to each other while others will envy us. I want to feel our hearts beating like one because our love is one until the last breath we take knowing our love will never end.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
Honey,

I should be able to come and visit you this weekend but i will inform you once am back from a meeting, I have a business meeting i will be attending today i will keep you update once am back, I would like to feel your strong body knowing I will share it because you want me to and because our love knows no bound. Yes, I would do anything for you because you arise in me all the buried passion I have neglected over the years of being lonely....and being alone.

Love Always,I trust you with my loving heart, And I will forever cherish our memories.I will never let our love die,Because what we have is ENDLESS LOVE.


---------------------------------------------------------------------
My Love,

Honey, I just got back from the business meeting right now and i had to inform you of the situation. I really need your advise right now. I have two pending contracts i have been praying about for some weeks now which has been approved and awarded to me yesterday. One from England, UK and the other from Nigeria and i need to go for just one of the contract. this will only take me just 2weeks so am very sorry honey i will not be able to meet you this weekend but hopefully in a week or 2 weeks time.I can only go for one of it now i need you to advise me on the one to go for you are part of my life and I can not do any thing without informing you any longer. But i wish to travel to the Nigeria for the contract because i have not been there before and the contract deal amount is higher than the one in England. But i will like to know what you feel about this, i will be willing to read from you as soon as possible my love.
 
You and I will communicate and not let our anger get into our lives. We will laugh more and argue less. We will walk on the beach and see the waves break. We will eat ice cream with one cone for us to share. And yes.....we will share and keep our love together......FOREVER, MY DARLING!!!


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
I just got a confirmation of a pending contract which has been approved and awarded to me yesterday. I am to build and design a Power Plant Generating Transformer that can generate electricity through the Solar System. It's going to be executed in Lagos Nigeria. The work has to start as soon as possible (Tomorrow , if possible) .You have brought a lot into my life , and i promise i will never let you down.
 
My traveling document and papers have been put to place ,but my son would not love to stay back home alone , i told him if i should call you and he would come and spend time with you while i am out there for about a week or two and i will come and get him on my way back and we would then head home together but since i have not informed you , i have to book a sit for him too so we can leave this tonight together.I'm very sorry for the short notice .We'll be checking into an Hotel and we wont loose communication a bit because i just got a laptop with a multi connection server,so i would be on through out the whole time and we wont loose communication a bit.I also have planned my return trip to be desalinated towards your place so i can just meet you before i head back home.
 
I love you so much and i want you to know that I'm doing this to build up my career and making sure we have a wonderful future.I miss u so much and i wish i was already there with you.To hold u kiss u,touch you,cares you & Hug you tight and close,go on vacations with only you just like been on our honey moon.In life, we receive a wonderful opportunity, and that is to love. Love comes in many forms. You love people in different ways and for different reasons, depending upon how they have touched your life. Love is a very powerful word and can describe a multitude of feelings, but its main context carries the same meaning I want to tell you that the love I have for you is undying.
 
It is a love that is strong and enduring and will stand the test of time.  I truly feel blessed that you have become a part of my life and I cannot wait for the day that we can join our lives together. I want to lay next to you at night and fall asleep in your arms, only to wake to your beautiful smile. I want to share in your joys and sorrows. I want to be your everything. You are everything to me.You are everything I do. You see and bring out the best in me. You are the one I want to share everything with - my thoughts, hopes and dreams. Thinking of you makes my heart feel full. You are such a source of inspiration for me. I will forever be indebted to you for all you have brought to my life.
 
So, to repay you, I promise you my heart and all the love in it for the rest of my life.I love you so much! To say this a million times is not enough to express how much I do. I love you dearly ... beyond the stars.I have to run over get my equipments pack with my luggage's  because i will need to ship those equipments so as to make use of them and get ready for airport.


---------------------------------------------------------------------
Hello Honey,
 
Thank you so much for your message, it's so sweet and great to hear from you..I am so glad to read from you and i will like to tell you i thought about you all throughout,I just want to let you know that I and Derek had a nice trip to Africa and we arrive there safely today and we are staying at the hotel now, If only I'd known that you were out there, then I could have been searching long before I met you. If only I'd known that there was a woman like you, I could have searched the ends of the earth. If only I'd known that I would someday meet someone like you, who gives me everything, would do anything for me, gives me all her love... I could have done anything and everything in my power to find you sooner. But, now that I have found you I'll never let you go. Because of you all of my wishes and dreams have come true! I love you with all of my heart!!

Lots of Love,

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Hello My Love,
   I'm writing this message in the middle of both unhappiness and depression..Though I am happy that I have you in my life. On the other hand, I am depressed because i had to ship an equipment before leaving Flordia and the equipment got lost in transit. Immediately after I got the confirmation that the contract has been approved, I shipped some equipments so that I can get them and use them here for the project,That has been the reason why i tell you sometimes that i was busy. On getting to the airport today to pick the equipments, I discovered that the major one is missing. I tried to talk to the shipping company but they insisted that there is nothing they can do about it since I was the one that shipped them myself which i had no insurance for the shipment. I spoke to the man that was assigned for me as my assistant here and he told me we can find it in a company here.. We went to the company and we found the equipment, but the problem is the cost compared to what I have. The price for the equipment is $45,000 and I only have $31,500 cash with me. Honey Right now I need to get $13,500, I tried to use my debit cards here but it couldn't work because it got broken when i mistakenly sat on it, I would have love to call my bank but my bank will never release any money from my account if I am not present in person. This is the problem that I have honey. I would have loved to explain to the company that gave me the contract but this can wreck my career as it not presentable. I am confused and you are the only person that I can explain these to. I know it is not right for me to tell you all these but it is my problem and you are the only one I can tell. Honey, I know it is wrong for me to ask you for a help but I don't have any other person to tell. Honey I don't want you to feel bad about this I hope you could understand me. I need you to borrow me this fund so that I can get the equipment as soon as possible and start the work on time, honey, I really need you to help me out so that I can finish up and come to you on time. As soon as I arrive to you, I will pay you the fund. I will look up to read from you soon. I Love you so much Honey and You are my last hope.

Lots of Love

-----------------------------------------------
My Love,

  Here is the details below where to transfer the fund too and if you can be able to get more than that pls kindly send it as soon as possible honey. The information is for my personal assistant to pick up the fund for me.  If you could send it at any western union money transfer that will be more better. but if that is not easy for you  well send it at any wall-mart store through money gram.  Honey kindly send the transfer  information immediately yo get it done.

RECEIVER'S NAME:
ADDRESS: 201 LEKKI ROAD
CITY:  VICTORIA  ISLAND
STATE: LAGOS
ZIP CODE: 23401
COUNTRY: NIGERIA
TEXT  QUESTION?: WHAT'S MY PET NAME?
TEXT  ANSWER?         BOBBY

 Honey, Once you send the fund kindly tell them you want the fund available for pick up immediately you sent it and Kindly forward the the below transfer details for me to have the fund pick-up.

* Ref Transfer Control Number (Ref #):
* Amount Sent:
* Sender's Name:
* Sender's Full Address :

Thanks,



----------------------------------------------
Hello ,
This is Derek. I am writing this letter to you with tears in my eyes , I would confess that i regret the first ever step Dad's take.I regret us coming to Nigeria. On our way out to see around the city , and where the work will be done.Some gang came across us fully equipped with different kinds of armed materials like Knife , Sledge hammer and other things. They said to Us to bring all valuable things on us out and Dad was arguing and dragging with them while he told me to stay back cos he wouldn't want me to be harmed , one of them pushed Dad on the floor and one placed a knife right to me neck and i was unable to even say a word, they took Dad's credit card and all the cash he had on him and went away with my wrist watch but that is not the problem . Dad is right now in the hospital , while Dad was dragging with them , the Sledge hammer was tithed on his knee and on standing up to walk , he couldn't walk on his legs , we have to get a cab with some good Samaritans and get him to the hospital.The doctor told me that , It is a Tibia/Fibula Fracture of the leg. Dad is really having a lot of pain at the moment and this is killing me , i dont know what to do else than to come right back to the hotel to inform you. It is a Complete Fracture which the doctor says to be A fracture in which bone fragments separate completely.The doctor gave a First aid for fractures which includes stabilizing the break with a splint in order to prevent movement of the injured part, which could sever blood vessels and cause further tissue damage.Compound fractures are treated as open wounds in addition to fractures.At the hospital, the fracture is diagnosed by taking an X-ray photograph of the injury and now i have the copy of the X-ray with me which i have attached below.
The doctor said he would recommend surgery which is to make an accurate anatomical reduction and restore the smoothness of the joint. Dad cannot walk right now and i don't think he can start the work tomorrow as he told me, the doctor have really tried for us and have gave him some treatments but still he cant walk on his legs, he said all he can do now is to do a surgery and he said we would need about $1000 for the surgery to be done,Since the credit card has been stolen , we have no way of getting any cash and since dad runs a Fixed deposit account , the bank cannot get any cash to him unless he appears in person. We have no one to help out other than you,I was thinking if you would be such a darling as you've always been to us and continue to be by loaning us the money which will be paid back as soon as we get back to the state.I know it sounds too blunt and plain but i feel behind every successful man there a woman to support..Now is the time we need your support and i believe you'll give it to us right... I disarmingly believe that you will never want any thing bad to happen to Dad as i will never want anything bad to happen to him too, Dad has been the only one in my life since mom's death and i think now you are into our lives too , I didn't grown up to know my mom , i was told she died and now Dad is dieing also , I will kill myself if such thing happens to my Dad , he is so important to me and i cannot do anything without him what we are here for cannot be done cos he cant even walk on his legs except the surgery is done. I will have to run back to the hospital now and come back on later to see if there is an email from you.I really believe that you will do something about this ...
Thank you very much , MOM.....
****************************************
My Love,
My son got the laptop to me and i got your email's you had sent before . I do appreciate each and every of your effort and would love to tell you that i will never let you regret this if you could find a pace in your heart to help me out in all this. The pain is just too much on me , i can't bare it anymore and i know you would not love me have me in this much pain . I know how blunt it sounds with everything going around these days but as you knew me earlier, i am a man of God , a man of my word and will never hurt anyone for any reason and i hope you believe me with that . I so much will appreciate if you could get me out of this much pain i am feeling and let me come home as i don't even want to work here anymore , something bad happened at the beginning and i don't know what could happen at the end , so i will just come home to you and be with you after the surgery . Please just try all you could and get me the cash so the doctor can do this surgery Paul told me you already send the money but you never send the details he will need for him to pick up the fund at the bank baby.... Once I get out of here and i promise i will pay you whatever i owe you back .
My Love, am really worried since he said he as not been able to hear back from you yet and he tied to call you this morning time here which he told be he was able to speak to you over the phone and he told me you said you have already transfer the fund via WU but you did not send the details he will need for him to pick up the money.... and he also said you where at work than and the WU was not with you there which you promise once you get home you will send it and till now he as not received any mail and he as not be able to get through with you over the phone cos your phone was been Swift off.... Baby am really worried and am feeling pain here... pls kindly do some thing fast the pain is just too much for me ..... if you have sent the money kindly forward the below transfer details needed below:-

* Money Transfer Control Number (MTCN):
* Amount Sent:
* Sender's Name:
* Sender's Full Address

I'm lying on this bed, thoughts in my head, visions of you, but I can't get through the night. Each time I closed my eyes, I started thinking of you. I am very tired and trying hard to sleep but I just couldn't sleep. You are always on my mind and I'm going crazy because of you. You lying by my side would make the darkest night shine brightly. Your ignorance is making my heart ache and broken into pieces which can't be mended. I love you, my dearest sweetie pie.no matter what or how, I wish to be with you all my life and into the after life.

Love always,


********************************************************
I just came back from the hospital where i took my Son to see the doctor...My love ..it was a shocking news..I was told by the doctor that she had a BRAIN TUMOR after scaning his head and he need to undergo an immediate operation to remove the tumor from his head...I almost fainted for hearing this  bad news...i am very worried and scared now..I quickly went to the American embassy here to complain to them about Paul condition and that i need to fly him out of here fast but i was told to go and treat him first because it's very dangerous to fly him without the surgery been done here Baby They requested for $4,500 for the surgery and $2,500 for the medicines but i have paid for the medicines and now i don't know where to get the money for the surgery and the surgery have to be done fast to save my son life...I have contacted my
 bank of America to transfer some money to me to pay for the surgery but they told me that it can't be possible because there is no bank of American here where i can received the money and also that my bank account is secured and blocked till i arrive, because of too many things happening..I have tried all my possible best to pay with my credit card but they don't accept it here and also the health insurance doesn't work out here my love... I am crying as i am writing you this messages because i don't know who to ask and where to go from here my darling..I need to pay the money for the surgery so that the doctor can commence with the operation fast.The doctor told me that if care is not taking fast that it can affect his brain and he can go insane because he is very little for the disease..Please my love,i don't want my little baby boy to go insane..I really need your help and assistance now my love..Let me know how much you can get and send to the doctor tomorrow through western union money transfer so that operation can start immediately..i will pay you back the money as soon as i arrive back to........I will also travel back to the state as soon as the surgery is done here for good check up by my doctor...Pls email back fast and am going back to the hospital to have the doctor's name and address where you will send the money for the operation..Pls kindly assist me with any amount so that the surgery can commence..I have nobody but you in my life..I really love you so much with all my life..Paul my son is really in pain now...I am scared...Kindly save his soul...I am waiting to read back from you.....I really know you would try and save Paul life cos he is a little boy......love you.. Nb......please let me know how much you can send to the doctor.......the total amount needed now is $7000 and i can only come up with $2500,please save his soul..........How much can you try and send to the doctor?

Hope to read from you soon.

---------------------
The miracle of life shown in front of my eyes when you entered my life. Nothing can be compared to this feeling of filling up somebody's life. The excitement which tortures me while waiting for you to send me an email, the sweet emails that keep me awake even when I'm exhausted to death, because I wouldn't miss a thing. The feeling that you know every corner of my heart. All these things are the most beautiful signs of my love for you.every single word you say is a part of my soul, as if I have already known what you have been about to say. Every step I make is safe, because you are around me. When we first met, I didn't even suspect what a wizard you were about to be. But apparently life can show us such wonders, that we can stay amazed like children, wondering how this could happen to us! Well, I want to thank you for being my best friend, for being my angel.I have never felt like this before. Nobody has taken me so far, except you, my princess from the clouds. You brighten my days and give me the strength to carry on, fighting everyday for you. You revealed the deepest emotions and feelings I've kept inside of me for so long. Feelings I didn't even suspect to be. But most of all, you showed me the real taste of love. You are my best friend and the one I want for life, my yesterday, my today and my tomorrow. You are the one I want everybody to know it!  I haven't had a stronger feeling like this one I have now though,I want to wake up with you....Here it goes like a "Song'... I Want To Wake Up With You I wanna wake up with you I wanna be there when you open your eyes I want you to be The first thing that I see... I wanna lay by your side, Baby I wanna feel every beat of your heart And throughout the night I wanna hold you tight... All the love inside me has been sleeping Waiting till the right one came along You can share the love that I've been keeping, Baby You can put the music to my song I wanna wake up with you I wanna reach out and know that you're there I want you to be The first thing that I see I wanna wake up with you And throughout the night I wanna hold you tight I wanna wake up with you All the love inside me has been sleeping Waiting till the right one came along You can share the love that I've been keeping You can put the music to my song I wanna wake up with you I wanna reach out and know that you're there I want you to be The first thing that I see I wanna wake up with you I wanna lay by your side, baby I wanna feel every beat of your heart And throughout the night I wanna hold you tight I wanna wake up with you All the love inside me has been sleeping Waiting till the right one came along You can share the love that I've been keeping, Baby You can put the music to my song I wanna wake up with you I wanna reach out and know that you're there I want you to be The first thing that I see... I wanna wake up with you

Love Always,
Your Prince From The Castle in the Clouds...
 -------------------------------------------------
I don't know how to approach this with you in person, every day I fight a battle with myself my heart says I should tell you how I feel, but my head tells me not to be stupid that it would just cause damage to our friendship and that you wouldn't be interested.I know that there is probably very little I can say to change your mind either way; I am not totally discounting the possibility that the way I feel about you could be reciprocated, but as I have very little luck in this area in the past my hopes are fairly small.I wanted to put into words my feelings in the hopes that although you may never see the words in writing or even hear them from my lips that you would still know that I care deeply for you, I feel that given the chance this could turn into more, but I guess that will depend on you and how you feel about me.I can't pinpoint what exactly it is that makes me feel that you do have some feelings towards me. Maybe it's due to the way that when I talk to you, how you nearly always look me in the eyes; so few people do that.I wish I could vocalize my feelings to you but my fear prohibits me so much I think that by the time I finally gain the courage, that you will be with someone else. My biggest fear is that I would tell you and I would see a look of fear or horror on your face that would break me.I wish I could tell you how every time you don't turn up online I fear that I will never see you again or that you will get into trouble with people; I just want to protect you so much.I see you sometimes and you look down even though you may pretend otherwise. I wish you would open up to me and let me in to your life. I know it wouldn't be easy but I still believe that I could be good for you, if only you could return my feelings. I know I may not be the best looking man, you know, all I could offer you is my heart and soul.I fear that this will not turn out the way I hope but I pray that it does. As I said before, you may never know the true extent of my feelings although I would imagine you have some suspicions.This may be a crush or infatuation but I swear to you that it does not feel like it, as I have had crushes before but never really felt the kinds of emotions I do for you.I hope that if I can muster the courage to tell you how I feel, that whatever your feelings, it will turn out okay and that at the very least we can be good friends, but I long for so much more. My Hope For us
 -------------------------------------------------
  I know I can't give you the whole world, but I can promise you I will always love you. My heart is yours, and even though I know I’ll make mistakes, I will never break your heart. I’ll be right beside you as we chase our dreams together, and you will never have to wonder if I still care. I think about you all day long and when i dont hear from you my mind is consumed with thoughts of being close to you again. When i hear from you and write to you I feel like everything in the world is right, and I know I don't have to ask God for anything because as long I have you in my life I have everything I could ever want. All I want to do is spend the rest of my life making you as happy as you have made me. Love always,
  -------------------------------------------------
   Let me start by saying that I thank God every night since I found you. You came into my life when everything seemed so dark but you provided the light to find my way. I've never been so certain of anything in my life like I am of us. You have totally changed my outlook in life and I thank you for that. I never thought that someone could love me like you do, but guess what? I love you that much too. I feel as if I'm walking over clouds just thinking about you. You make my life complete. I know you've said we could do foolish things while in love, but you know what? With you I wouldn't mind being a fool for the rest of my life. I love you so much and I know you love me too. I know that others looking into our relationship might think that we're saying too many foolish things too soon but they just don't know how we feel about each other. There's nothing foolish about the things I've told you, I meant every word I said. I love you and for you . I would do anything, I love you so much. Today I promise you that I would do anything in my power to make you a great person. I LOVE YOU!!
  -------------------------------------------------
   Honey, I never knew I would be this happy. But you know what... it is the greatest feeling in the world to be content and might I say, I am very, very content with you and only you. No one else can make me feel the way you make me feel.I love you so very much, with all my heart and soul, always, forever and ever! Having you in my life is truly a blessing. You bring so much happiness into my life and so much love into my heart! I do not know if I tell you this enough but I want you to know it each and every day. And with every moment, my love for you grows stronger and deeper. And from what I said, I truly know that you are my one and only, my partner for life, my best friend, my lover, my soulmate, and I will love you forever and ever!
Love always,
  -------------------------------------------------
  My Dearest, life can be cruel but when it all comes together there is no moment as sweet. That is how I feel about you entering my life. You have rekindled the flame called love in me. You have given one more reason to look forward to tomorrow. Now, you are a significant part of my life and I look forward to the day when we can make it permanent. I love you so much. I love you for your kindness, for your caring and giving nature, for your beauty - both inner and outer, and most of all I love you because you are you. The fact that you show me who you really are and not what you think I may want. Sweetie, let this be a testament to my true feelings for you. The whole world can see and know how I feel for you. I love you
  -------------------------------------------------
  Here are a few things I wish to do with you at some point in this lifetime:   Be your best friend. Get caught with you in the rain. Dance with you in the rain. Stargaze on a clear night. Watch the sunset together. Spend all day with you doing nothing. Moonlit walks on the beach. Be more proud of you than I already am at this very moment. Go on a carriage ride through the park. Do a crossword together. Go to brunch. Have a disagreement (it could/will only make us stronger). Go for a twilight horseback ride. Watch a bad movie together. Spend the rest of my life with you. Have our picture taken together. Eat ice cream with you. Make love to you passionately. Go to a museum together. Talk to each other using only body language. Give you space when you need it. Accept you totally and completely - flaws and all (I already do). Discuss current events in a heated debate. Have you see the error of your ways from aforementioned heated debate and make mad, torrid love to you, in the midst of all that passion. Carve our names into a tree/table. Go for a walk at dusk together. Be one with you. Send you a singing telegram. Spend all night thinking of 101 sweet things to do for you. Hold you and gaze into your eyes and realize how much I love you...and tell you. Gently run my hand across your cheek and look into your eyes. Blindfold you and take you somewhere romantic. Spend my life making you happy. Spend my life making our family happy. Feel your heartbeat. Go roller/ice skating together. Give you a backrub just because. ALWAYS being honest with each other. Go hiking/camping together. Have our first fight, make up and feel a stronger bond because we very successfully weathered the storm - together. Laugh at someone together. Share a plate of spaghetti. Give you a stuffed animal just because. Go on a fun family vacation and bring back the kind of memories movies are made of. Treat you like my Lancelot. Go on a road trip across America. Count thunder together during a thunderstorm. Envelop you in my soul. Know you better than you know yourself. Go to a Renaissance Fair. Plant a tree in our yard together. Look over at you during an office/military/family party and have you know without me saying a word - that I love you. Be able to say "I love you" in 89 different ways - in 89 different countries. Hold you when you're at your saddest and comfort you when you need it the most. Be the one you come to for that comfort and holding. Wipe away the days' stresses and issues, with just one hug/kiss. Grow old with you.    Love Always,
  -------------------------------------------------
  I am so thankful I met you! You are the most important person in my life. I never thought I would find someone like you to share my life with, and now I don't even want to imagine what my life would be like without you in it. I love the way you make me laugh, how we tell each other everything. Wherever you are is where I want to be. There's no one else on earth. It feel like we're the only ones here. I fall madly in love with you more and more each day. If there’s one thing in this world I know, it's that I AM SO IN LOVE WITH YOU!!
 -------------------------------------------------
   It should be emphasized that the kind of love existing in our relationship is void of fantasy or a whirlwind romance. If you don't know, my love for you isn't the comparative analysis of "M&B"stories or any other fictional romance. But this is the love that is enveloped with the seal of reality without any shadow of doubt. Not that there are no other fish in the ocean upon whom I can sling my hook, but who can be like YOU that loves me with such generosity of heart? I love a hand that meets my own with a grasp that causes some sensation and which only your's can do. I love you not only because of beauty but for your sense of decency, delicacy, kindness and other complementary qualities. I can't help doting on you. Therefore all my gestures of love towards you come straight from the bottom of my heart, I swear
-------------------------------------------------
     Dear Lover,  It doesn't take a genius to work out how much I love you, but it takes a very clever man to work out why. You are the gentle breeze in my world of chaos, the calming presence that tells all to be still. When I am down you lift me up, when I am tired you spur me on. When I sleep I snuggle in the warmth of your embrace and feel safe. You are my security blanket, from the everyday rigors of life. I cherish the day we met, and the love we share. Thank you for being my rock, my confidant, my friend, my gentle breeze ....   My love
unconditionally,
 -------------------------------------------------
  My love , every day I wish you were here with me, holding me tight in your strong arms. Every night I lay in my bed dreaming of you, so sweet and peaceful. You're the one I want to spend the rest of my life with. Missing you so much is breaking my heart into many pieces. I wish you would come to me, my love. I love you more then  anything in this world. I want to walk on the beach with you. It would be so peaceful and romantic as we sit and watch the sun as it sets.Being with you makes me happy. You keep me alive. I'm so lucky I found you, the woman of my dreams. I hope I never lose you, if I did then it would break my heart so badly.Thinking of you makes me smile 'cause knowing that you love me so much means the world to me. You're so sweet like the smell of roses and you're so romantic like the sunset. Your love is what's keeping me strong. I am so depressed right now and your love is all that is keeping me strong. I love you so much.I can wait to be with you physically one day. Forever that is.  Love always,
-------------------------------------------------
I had a dream about you... It started with me sitting on the couch. You walked over to me and as you stood there, I caressed your leg, running my hands up your thigh, then up under your denim shorts to feel your sexy arse. My caresses instantly got your passion stirring and you leaned over to kiss me. You crawled on the couch over me, straddling me and kissing me deeper.We started to get more into it the more we kissed. My hands were roaming your body now, then caressing your neck and face as I slowly kissed you. I felt you moan softly in my mouth as you lowered yourself a little more onto me, and start to grind against me, feeling how hard and excited I was. The next thing I knew, you were tugging at my shirt, pulling it up and over my head--then you ran your hands all over my chest as you continued to gyrate against me. My hands grabbed your hips, pulling you down against me, and then I slid them under your shirt, slowly caressing your side and along your back. You arched your back a little as my hands moved back around the front, up under your breasts. I gently massaged around them, lightly passing my fingers over your nipples, which were hard now and pressing out against the fabric of your bra. As I caressed you, you reached down and pulled your T-shirt up and off, tossing it aside. Then you gave me a sex-filled look as you undid your bra, sliding it down and dropping it to the floor. I took my time to view your gorgeous breasts, tracing my fingers along your areolas. Then I gently pinched and pulled at your nipples. I sat up, kind of on the edge of the seat cushion--we were still kissing, but now you were in my lap, with your legs wrapped around me and arms around my neck. I had my hands on your back, caressing your silky skin. I broke our kiss and start to kiss across your cheek, over to your ear, nibbling on it. Then, I slowly kissed down your neck, nibbling and licking as I did. I continued down along your shoulder, then back across along your throat, then back up to your other ear. Apparently you were enjoying the sensation, because I heard you softly moan as I kissed you. I kissed back down your neck, then down the front of your chest, down between your breasts, then circling around, working my way to one of your nipples. I kissed closer and closer, and then I flicked my tongue at your nipple, circling it, then sucking it into my mouth.You arched your back at this point, moaning a little louder, wanting more. I half stood up and then laid you down on your back on the couch. I knelt on the floor next to it and took one of your feet in my hands, as I massaged your foot, I leaned forward to kiss your ankle. Mmmmmm... I continued to rub your leg as I slowly kissed up your calf as you lay there on the couch.As I started to kiss and lick my way along your inner thigh, you spread your legs a little more, your hands moved up over your head. I kissed slowly up your thigh, kissing, nibbling, and making little circles with my tongue. As I got closer, I noticed you had slid your hands down your side, down to your shorts. You moaned softly and started to push down on the waistband a little. Seeing you needed some help, I grabbed your shorts and helped you slide them down, over your hips, running my fingers down your long, silky legs and then dropped them on the floor...
**********************************************************************************************
 Dear That Special Someone For Me,  I know you are out there and it's just a matter of time before we find each other. I am looking forward to that day with all my heart. I am preparing myself for you each day. Imagining what you could be like. No matter what, you are for me and I will love you regardless what happens through the years. I hope to grow old with you for the rest of my life. To celebrate good times with you and support each other through the bad times.We will not always have good times but we will always love each other and work through our problems.So I promise you forever. I look forward to that day and until
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Every where I go I see lovers Hand in Hand
Reminds me of the way it used to be. It felt so right when you were walking with me. I’m crying, how could you leave me alone. I can’t just make it on my own. I dream of you the whole day through but when the night time falls I’m all alone crying all alone.
--------------------------------------

You were the one I know, I know things don’t last forever but I thought that you were true. I guess I’ve been mistaken caves. Our love is done and through it hurts me cause I know I was true to you. I don’t know why you left, but I know you’ve gone. I wish I could change your feel mas it hurts me cause I though you’d always be there love as been unfair cause I thought if loving you is still a possibility when you return I’ll be there for you cause in my heart I’ll always love you.
--------------------------------------


My heart belongs to you darling, I remember always the good times we’ve shared, the warmth of understanding between us. I may not always put words the way I feel about you. But I hope you know I love you more and more each day.
--------------------------------------

I know I’ve said it before that I love you but I don’t think you are taking me serious or may be you think I don’t truly love I don’t know how you feel about this since I got to know you I have really found out that you are the type of person I ever want in my life. I want to love you, may be you can give me this chance and I’ll prove to you that my love for you is really true.
--------------------------------------

Some people leave lasting impression when one comes across them only few people possess this. You are one of these rare people you left an unregretable mark in my mind since I got to know you and now I can’t bear the pain of letting you out of my sight.
--------------------------------------

Though of special people bring such gladness to each day remembering your Birthday is an easy thing to do because you’re special and you’re thought of all year though.
--------------------------------------

So many special wishes are being sent your way that you surely won’t remember when you had a nicer ahead and many pleasures too…..
The kind of happy future that’s so well deserved by you.
--------------------------------------

When your Birthday comes around, it brings a chance to say how much it’s hoped that it will be a very special day wishing you happiness.
All the hours that I’ve share with you and all the special memories of the things you say and do make me realize all the more. I am lucky as can be to have someone nice to love and care for me you’ll always have my love.
--------------------------------------

Each thought of you and the nice things you’re done becomes a special prayer that God will bless and keep you in the shelter of his care.
--------------------------------------

In every person there’s always yearning to love, people fall in love sometimes but they don’t really know if it’s for good or bad sometimes they don’t even know why. When the goings is good, you find no mistake in love…….. And when the love turns to something else that when it lust or infatuation and it’s the bad sure of love, but I guess loving someone and being love by someone is for good either before or after the relationship.
--------------------------------------

In this life there’re bound to be ups and down, the right and the wrong doings, people make mistakes sometime in which nobody is perfect. It hurts someone after realizing it and so it hurts me too when I made the mistake.
--------------------------------------

You know in so many nice ways that no greeting could bring you enough words of praise. But this one has many wishes for you that the joy of your day should last all year through.
--------------------------------------

You are my special friend, the one I can talk to, laugh with and deeply love; nothing joys the heart as being loved by someone you cherish most. Your loving concern for me gives me true happiness. You are someone that is responsible, reliable and presentable. You are one in a million. I’m glad you’re my special friend.
--------------------------------------

Add up all you best feelings and takeaway all the rest………. What you are left with is exactly how I feel about you indeed, you matter more to me than you can just imagine and much more than I’ll ever be able to explain.
--------------------------------------

With you, I realize that love which begins as friendship is the sweetest of all step by step; I learnt to trust you step by step we became special friends. I think you must surely know I love very much all I wish is the kind of love that arrows and never ends wishing you the best of all in life. Love and Thanks.
--------------------------------------

Day after day I’m more confused but I look for light through the pouring rain, you know the game that I hate to loose, I’m really feeling the strain. Aren’t it a big shame later I figured it out that it’s high and low, everything is in between. I never thought I’ll be loving to the upper heaven, loving every minute but it all happened.
--------------------------------------

Learn to give unconditionally ordinary things of life very patiently expecting joy in your normal actively. Love is the way to happiness.
--------------------------------------

Need it be a dame like you: “A VENUS” ordained unto an imperial: “AN ADONIS”? Ought not the creator dexterous in all attributes? No doubt, he is benevolent. For he mercies beastly a befitting Venus and Adonis.

The Aeron of my patience cannot be gauged by any vice. In my temporal death, bestowed upon an “AFFIATUS”; A revelation of benison of a benign soul. “Vs”
--------------------------------------

The velocity of my adoration and love for you is no exaggeration but most vehemently, your reciprocal love; and Antidote To my application…. The only clue.
--------------------------------------

Place me as a crown upon your Heart, as a crown upon your arms, as a crown upon your arms. For love is as strong as the luring fragrance of rose. Its flamboyant flashes are flashes of fire. A most modesty of my love for you is eternal.  You’re my modus Vivendi that my heart claims.
--------------------------------------

A message to let you know you’re thought about so much because you give each single day a really special touch. A message to let us know you play a special part of each and every dream and plan that’s dearest to my heart. A valentine message to say……. I love you and my heart will always be yours, forever.
--------------------------------------

Sometimes, I keep on wondering every moment of my life…….. How I could be so lucky to have you. Someone who is all I have been dreaming of. Who fill my days with laughter and fill my life with love.
--------------------------------------

	Someone who’s my dearest friend, my closest confidant, a person who’s everything that any one could ever desire, the thing I’ll like to do is to let you know my greatest joy on earth is loving you.
--------------------------------------

No one can ever take your place with me. DARLING do you know how much I care for you? Do you know how many times my heart throbs cause of you? I must confess that you’re such a lovely, wonderful and nice partner I’ve ever known. To say that the greatest thing that has ever happened to me is you, which is no exaggeration? Just get it-borne in mind that, I love you and will forever care for you.
You are my love, the one who rules my heart
Valentine brings another special chance to say
I will love you forever. I can’t bear with your absence on valentine because your love is an exaggeration.

Love is the most significant thing a valentine could ever bring to loved ones whether near or far apart……….. And so his valentine comes your way with wishes for a very happy day. But most of all, with lots of love straight from the heart.
--------------------------------------

Delicacy and modesty surrounds love. I know my love, I’m not good at saying all the things my heart tells me to say. I love you dearly because of your goodness and composed manner. In fact, I’m always happy whenever I see your portray around me. For you’re my only sources of inspiration (My Afflatus) you’re my world and everything.

“Through the period we’ve met, you’ve shown to me this to is moment touched by love has its own beauty” Every day I live, I discover more and more how impossible it is for me to live without you. Let’s continue our life odyssey together in constant love.
--------------------------------------

Beauty may fade, circumstance may change, but my own love for your will never change your love has made the world 2 happier place for me.
--------------------------------------

I’m thirsty for your kisses; hungry for your arms round me longing for the sight of you, loving you is my source of security, passion and source of life.
--------------------------------------

I promise to live with you each day as if it were my last, to be honest with you, even though it may sometimes hurt to tell you everything, all my feeling as well as my thoughts.
--------------------------------------

I promise you all the happiness I’m capable of giving; to let nothing keep us apart as long as we both want to be together to lend you my advice but no demand you take it. I promise to share your sorrow as well as your joy and as long as you will accept it, I promise you all my love.
--------------------------------------

Knowing you is the sweetest thing that has ever happened to me. You’re holding my hands captive that the mere sight of you or even the thought of you kindles a thousand fires in me. You possess that magical touch that makes me bubble with love and draws you nearer to me. I love you so much that it is going to take all this life at any rate to tell you how very much………….. I love you.
--------------------------------------

I don’t know much but I know I love and cherish you. Dearie, may our love keep on growing on everyday.........

I didn’t know what love meant until I met you and first began to realize how my dreams were coming true. And now there’s nothing I want more throughout the year to be than just on loving you and knowing you love me too.
--------------------------------------

Friendship is a thing of joy and happiness that exist between two people but yours is a special type of friendship which makes me feel cared of.
--------------------------------------

A special person in my life is conceived with everything I think, understand whatever, do refuse to listen to gossips about me, cheer me up when things don’t go well, supports me in any possible way and that is you. Thank you for been so kind and generous to me! You’re indeed a true friend.
As precious as Gem
As priceless as Gold
As valuable as Diamond
As beautiful as Pearl
You’re the sun who radiates the Hearty of someone. You’re his object of admiration the day hew met you, he met someone. Your cheerful smile he adores your composed manner he cherished, your studious attitude he exto is and first he is I who loves you dearly. Love is emotion who clouds Human sense of Reasoning, feeling of love is live the effect of a long intoxicating drunk, for when jilted. You’re more than what you desire.
If you’re sad, I’m sad
If you’re happy, I’m happy
If you’re lonely……………… call me
--------------------------------------

If you’ve never been haunted and never loved, never been drawn by the scent of flower and never been moved by the rhythmical flow of music, then you’re neither man nor woman but as long as you’re with me, there shall be love.
If were together you needn’t shiver during harmattan or rain comes we shall keep ourselves warm by the magic of love.
--------------------------------------

BIRTHDAY LYRIX

Wishing you a perfect joy that warm your heart with favourable memories a day that is just the start of another year of happiness.

Hope life brings you all the best things your ways, not just on your birthday but day after day.

You’re a year older, a year nicer and a year nearer to your grave…….

Thought of you fill the mind with happy memories wishes for you fill this card with heartful love.

A birthday is a time to enjoy, a time to love and a time to be happy.

Wishing you the happiest of all birthdays, the longest of all lives, and the most prosperous of all prosperities.

Your birthday is the perfect time to tell you how very much you mean and to wish you happiness today, tomorrow and always. May today and everyday bring word of joy to you.

Hope your birthday brings you all the happiness you deserve.

May your birthday be filled with lots of joy.

…………..Have a high old time while still young.

If pleasant things turn every moment into endless, this birthday wish made with lots of love, straight from the heart have all come true.

Hoping you’ll be happy every moment of today enjoying all the pleasures that are sure to come your way. And when your birthday is over, may you find that all year through. There’ll be a lot of more happiness in store for you.

There’s wishing you a pleasant birthday as you mark your birthday today. May all your tomorrows be filled with happiness best wishes for long life and prosperity.

It pains the hedry when love is denied. It jolts the mind when love is trampled, but it strengthens the hedry when faith and understanding are embraced as article of love.

Once I was a prisoner, lost inside myself, you came into my love, life, and changed my being and now. I am free.

The sun shines, the stream blows gently, and the birds sing sweetly, the wind blows pleasantly. My love for you grows gently for you and only you.

Wishing you a birthday filled with flowers sweet with dew, happiness, smiles, love………… and may all your dreams come true.


SUCCESS LYRIX

As determination is the key to success. Be courageous, the lord harvest good things in stock for you. Stood to conquer the battle at hand.

Preserve until the goal is achieved with God, your effort must come to success! Therefore wishing you’re retentive memory and ability to express yourself with thoughtfulness and Chan. – My prayers continue until the battle is fought and won.

When about to blrurish in confrontations the roads is bound to be atimes tough but for you, you’re a visitor you’ll excel on platter of excellence. The almighty is firm by your side.

Determination which is entrusted upon courage is the only way to excel for success is rightly by you. Don’t tremble – you’re already a winner, stood to conquer.

If the almighty is for you, who dare confront you. Fear not for you stand to vanquish to attain lofty heights.

Those who wish to attain great heights may find the path to be rough. Worry not; you’ll make it to the sky like a star you’ll rise. Deserves you’re prone to lofty heights to blossom in esteem.

Determination which entrusted upon courage is the only way to excel that is what you have done to attain this wonderful achievement. Therefore, wishing you a splendid adventure in your endeavours. May the almighty God bestow upon your skill perfection and progression. May your adventure be filled with prosperities.

I send my sincere wish of good luck to you in your forth coming examination. I wish you good health to enables you prepare for your exams. Good brain, to refrain the fittings you read, and good luck, so that you will be successful in the end.

Though you must have been preparing hard before this examination, it’s my prayer that the Lord will crown your efforts with a brilliant success. May God grant your favour and mercy in the sight of the examiners. By the time the result is out, may you be amongst those on the top list.

GETWELL LYRIX

Your body is the temple of the Lord and sickness has no dwelling place in it. The Lord will stretch his miraculous hands of healing and make you whole again. - Wishing you speedy recovery.

May you have the spirit of peace, the gladness of Hope, and the heart of Love just for you.


GRATITUDE LYRIX

Those that spend in the way of the almighty is as a grain growing seven ears, in every seven ears, a hundred grains and he multiplies further for whom he pleases.

May you and your entire house-hold be bestowed with God’s mercies and broaden your wealth.

It is a wonderful thing to have someone like you as a mentor and as a source of conspiration. The almighty ordains all occurrences for He is all knowing and he has ordained you to be a generous leader.

May the almighty keep on making you a figure of inspiration and pride. Word cannot quantity the degree of my gratitude for all your generosity to me. May the almighty broaden your wealth as bestow endless blessing on you and your house-hold.

Just loving you and knowing that you love me gives me all the happiness in the world. Having someone like you to love is the greatest blessing by far because you bring so much warmth, happiness and joy to my life in so many ways. Since you came into my life, the world has become a life of glorious fun. I want you to know that in addition to all the wonderful things I like about you, it’s also true.
I love you with all my heart. Happy Valentine.


CHRISTMAS LYRIX

All the happy hours that I’ve shared with you, and all the special memories of the things you say and do, makes me realize long impossible it is for me to live without you and how lucky. I am to know someone nice to love and care for me.

Set me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your lovely arms, for love is a strong as jade, its flashes are flashes of fire, a most vehement flames, as vast as eternity, so vigilant as the stars, as warm as sunbeams, wide as hope that’s what love is………… share it with me on xmas and forever.

My New Year resolution to you is loving you with all my heart, carling and encouraging you each day of the year. Dedrie, the greatest gift you can give me is your true love which to me is everything. D’you know that……….. (Front of card)…… I’ve fallen for you.

May your homes be filled with the goodness and the special warmth that only Christmas brings and may the New Year usher in a special time of blessings and happiness for all of you.

(Do you really deserve a Christmas card?) Who else deserve a card this Christmas apart from you? No one else but you. Merry Christmas and a prosperous New Year.

May all the joys of this season be yours and remain with you throughout the New Year and ever beyond.

Christmas is a special time to let our feelings show; to truck the heart of those we told dear. And so, this comes your way to tell you that you are remembered and cared for more than you know…………….

May Christmas bring you happiness, peace, joy and those things your heart holds dear and may this be repeated every throughout the New Year.


NEW BORN BABY LYRIX

It is a wonderful thing and it is marvelous in our eyes. My heart is filled with happiness and songs of joy. Fill my mouth because of this wonderful gift from God. The feeling of joy I have cannot ever be quantified but then I know that it has pleased God to give you this baby. Rejoice the, and be happy on this very joyous occasion, as even the angels above are rejoicing with you.  – Congratulations.

My love for you is for real, pure & genuine. I know that these days it is hard for one to believe all the love promise people make because of past experiences of broken promises. Just know that my love for you is from the heart. I will never deceive you. I will never be a 419 lover trust in me, Love Merry Christmas & Happy New Year.

From day one, God has already ordained you to be a millionaire pray very, very hard and work very hard too. Your miracles must surely come, but make you no forget me oh. When you begin de chop. Make you remember say na me give you the secret oh. Don’t worry sha, we go make am together. Merry Christmas & Happy New Year.





SOUL MATE

I consider it a privilege to call you my soul-mate. I’ve heard of “soul-mate” before, but I never knew such a person could exist until I met you.
--------------------------------------

You’re such an interesting person, I like your sense of humour, and your positive attitude, it is a privilege to share myself with you, and to walk together on the paths that takes us in so many beautiful directions.
--------------------------------------

………Without conditions, with sincerity and the quite re-assurance that feels so comfortable, so right, you show me in so many ways that I’m a lovable person.
--------------------------------------

…….Suddenly, I found myself smiling almost all the time and the more I learnt about you the more astounded I felt at just how perfect you were for me.
--------------------------------------

You own my heart. My heart used to belong to me. I could picture it differently, but when you came into my life; you turned it around. You walked into my heart, filled every part of it. Now my heart beats special rhythm reaching out to love you.
--------------------------------------

If I was an angel; I would guard and protect you twenty four seven. If I was diabolic, I would change so as to be with you in heaven. If I was a sorcerer, I would turn back the hands of time for you …..But till then.
--------------------------------------

If ever anything sincere will come out straight from my heart now, it will be……………
--------------------------------------

Just loving you and knowing that you love me gives me all the happiness in this world. Having someone like you to love is the greatest blessing because you bring so much warmth, happiness and joy to my life in so many ways. Since you came unto my life the world has become a life of glorious fun. I want you to know that in addition to all the wonderful things I like about you, its also true I can’t imagine how life would have been for me you were not a part of me.

Secret Prisoner
As much as I try to break, loose from ur bond. The more u stick in my heart. Sincerely you alone can set me free.
--------------------------------------

Darling,
I found happiness in loving you when I was a kid, I use to pray that God should bless me with a lover, so loving and caring. So He granted my request with you. Darling, I know I’ve all the LOVE AND CARE my heart desires. Someone I could trust, someone I could love with all my heart, someone I could confide in, someone I could tell my fears, someone I could share my joy and happiness with. Infact you are so special.
--------------------------------------

There are so many things that I’ve never said to you………. Things that I’ve never been able to say but, I’ve always wanted you to know that you’ve added to my days and given my life a special glow.
There are times…….. So many times when you made me realize that life is uncomplete without a love so pure and true like ours. I love you purposely because I was searching for true meaning of love that I did not know….until I found them in you.
--------------------------------------

God has a wonderful future for you, a better tomorrow in view….. You will build houses and have occupancy; you plant vineyards and eat their fruitage. For like the days of a tree will your days be. While you are yet speaking the Lord will hear. The Lord has spoken and so shall it be.
Many Happy Returns!
--------------------------------------

It all seem like yesterday for this period to come our way. I started with soft words of romantic chanting which ended in a mutual blending abreast in love and passion, constant and endless intoxication, titillating by the acorn of true love we share echoing and vibrating in our hearts; so dear.

Logger heads may try to be, but the depth of our own love will set us free. Innamora, this time brings another chance to say…… I’ll always love and care for you no matter the confrontations that try to shatter love.
--------------------------------------

You’re not alone at a time of loss; it’s very hard to make sense of something beyond us. And when we can’t make sense of something it is very difficult to accept it. Sometimes it helps to walk through the grief with someone who cares.
--------------------------------------

I can’t say I know exactly what you’re going through because your loss is very personal but I care about you, and I want to help you get through this hard time. I’m thinking of you and I’m always for you.
--------------------------------------

I feel happy to be chained for love I’m passionately ablaze for your love; I was the happiest person when the Judge gave His verdict saying, since I’ve become A love ADDICT with you, I’m hereby sentenced to life imprisonment in your love prison with hard labour which I took gladly.
--------------------------------------

I’ll always be thankful that you came into my life and filled my heart with happiness. I only wish I could tell you how much you mean to me and how very much I care.

Initially Acquaintances…… Later friends, lovely friends later heartthrobs. And now something more beautiful…… Life soul-mate.
--------------------------------------

I hope you know how very SPECIAL you are to me, I hope you know you are to me, I hope you know there’s a very special place reserved for you within this heart of mine. I love you and I will always love you.
--------------------------------------

Today, As you celebrate life, may blessings mark you, may miracles locate you, may signs and wonders remark you, and may you be clothed in splendor. Many Happy Returns.
--------------------------------------

In my heart, there’s a special place that belongs to you. Your birthday is a special time for warmest thoughts of you, a chance to wish you happiness, good health, profound successes, contentment and complete fulfillment in life. Many Happy Returns.
--------------------------------------

It’s the sound of your cheerful laughter. The magnetic touch of your hand, the smooth look of love in your eyes…… its being with you – sharing happy times and special moments of warmth and caring.

--------------------------------------

So many special wishes are being sent your way that you surely won’t remember when you had a nicer day…….. Then may there be more joys ahead. And many pleasures too. The kind of happy future, that’s so well deserved by you.
--------------------------------------

A birthday is your own special day……..A day to reflect on the year gone by. A day to renew your hopes for the future.

A birthday gives your friends and love ones a chance to let you know how wonderful you are. That is why this card is being sent. Not only but to let you know you are a very specum person.
--------------------------------------

Here’s my heart it’s yours, so take it treat it gently. Please don’t break it, it’s full of love that’s warm and true so keep it always close to you.
--------------------------------------

No one else could ever make me laugh when I feel like crying. No one else could ever share my private dreams, my intimate thoughts, and my deepest love. No one else could ever take your place.
--------------------------------------

It tastes sweeter than honey yet it has bitterness as well; it renews life but can likewise life. What else can it be? Order than is love. Darling, no matter what it is; I will forever love you.
--------------------------------------

I am often at a loss to find the words to tell you how much you mean to me.

When I was young I dreamed of finding someone really special who would come into my life and love me wholly and uniquely……..Someone who would understand my desires, encourage my efforts, and share my dreams….. And when I grew older I found that person. “U”.
Thanks for loving me just the way I dreamed it would be.
--------------------------------------

As I think everyday I know that our love will grow even more precious in so many ways. I will always be for you no matter what the future brings, you must know that my love is true and meant perfect for you.
Remember the Lord your God in the days of your youth.
--------------------------------------

On this day I pray God to keep your spirit soaring high, to keep you smiling, to teach you to laugh even at yourself, to fill your world with light. Happy Birthday.
--------------------------------------

“The more I stop and think about the nice things that you have done the more appreciative. I am of each and everyone”.

This is just to say you’ve been wonderful. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. May God bless you.
--------------------------------------

This is just to appreciate your thoughtfulness, to thank you for the kindness you have shown and to wish you. Every happiness in return may God rewards you abundantly according to your heart desire. May he continue to keep you in his care. Thanks a lot.
--------------------------------------

Your birthday is a perfect time indeed; I express my love to you for your loving and caring. I love you for being everything to me; I love you more than anybody in this world because you are warmly thought of everyday. The whole year through.

May each moment of today give you joy and pleasure and be one that always bring for you warm memories to treasure.
--------------------------------------

On an occasion such as your birthday, what else can I wish for someone as nice as you but……. Showers of blessing, showers of abundance and God’s powerful protection a birthday that is full of fulfillment, happiness and good health may all these and more. I pray, be your portion.
--------------------------------------

May this season bring to you and your family everlasting joy. Peace and fulfillment with all the blessings of almighty God at all times. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
--------------------------------------

You are all God’s own chosen people, chosen to be overcomers, chosen to be blessed, no weapon fashioned against any of you shall prosper you’re more than conquerors.

Peace, Joy, Harmony and contentment shall govern all the affairs of your nice family to the glory of God progress, achievements, success and all good things shall fill the coming year. May Almighty God brighten all the days of your life and protect your beloved family. Merry Christmas & Happy New Year.
--------------------------------------


What is a happy family made of? Hearts full of memories closeness to God and caring warmth and affection, good times and sharing laughter and understanding, contentment and love………. That’s what a happy family’s made of and may your family know all these.
--------------------------------------

Warm wishes go to all of you to greet you this period and hope the season’s filled with joys you’ll long remember…… May all of you be happy too, throughout the coming year, and may your hearts be filled each day with laughter, love and cheer! Have a merry Christmas and a prosperous New Year.
--------------------------------------

Christmas is a lovely time……. A time to keep in touch with those we often think about and so this brings a greeting meant especially for you, to wish you joy at Christmas and through this New Year tool. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
--------------------------------------

How I wish there’s something important I can do to show how much I cherish you……. This is my special prayer for you this season…….. Happiness, Joy, Peace of the heart, blessings from above, victory upon victory; success, good health and all that’s good shall be your portion this season and in the year ahead.
--------------------------------------

May your Christmas be filled with all the things that mean the most to you.

Bless this family as they celebrate the birth of your Lord Christ. Hold them close all the year through. Make their life complete and happy; keep them strong in times of trouble, help them always to express all their love for one another with a special tenderness fill their days with new discoveries and sweet dreams to share together……. Bless this family Almighty God and keep them in you loving hands forever.
--------------------------------------

May God who knows the goodness of your life throughout the year bless you most abundantly when festive time is here and may he fill the days ahead with graces from above and grant you all the happiness, love and peace you’re so deserving of.
--------------------------------------

SEASON’ GREETINGS

May today be filled with special moments
This card to you carries an extra loving touch and best wishes for a Birthday filled with happiness. May this future be filled with wonderful things, special moments. And may all your dearest dreams come true.
--------------------------------------

To someone who appreciate fine things in life, like…… Good music, Good conservation, and Good food AND…….. Good friends! As your Birthday is here again, it shall be the beginning of your endless Joy, Peaces, Happiness, Sound health & your days shall be crowned with a shinning success that will last forever.
--------------------------------------

Just to make you happy
I traveled by road, sailed by sea, and flow by air to get you this birthday card and if after all you’re still not happy, then you have only one option…….. PAY BACK MY EXPENSES! Otherwise you must laugh, smile and be merry for my effort not be wasted.
This card’s message comes today with warmest thought of you and with wishes for much happiness each day the whole year through.

Your Birthday is the ideal time for telling you you’re very special….. by simply being here. You make the world a better, brighter place for everyone who knows you. Today is your day, a day celebrate and to look forward to the future.

So, may all those things sincerely wished for you today, come true for no one deserves them more than you.

This beautiful birthday card is sent to you as a token of an immense love on your special day. Attaining this age does not happen by chance, because for everything there is a divine reason. This reason is to give back to the Almighty God what He has graciously given to you. I’m joining your family, well-wishers and friends in thanking him for the grace of another year.

….the world was newly crowned with flowers, when we first met.

There is nothing holier, in this life of ours, than the first consciousness of love-the first fluttering of its silken wings.

Your slightest look easily will unclose me though I have closed myself as fingers, you open always petal by petal myself as spring open (toughing skillfully, mysteriously).

Glad I’ll live in a poor mountain hut, spin, sew and till the soil in any weather, And wash in the cold mountain stream, if but we dwell together.

It is the true season of Love when we know that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved before us and that no one will ever Love in the same way after us.

… In our life there is a single color, as on an artist’s palelle, which provides the meaning of life & art. It is the color of Love.

You came, and the sun came after, and the green grew golden above;
And the flag-flowers lightened with laughter and the meadow- sweet shook with love.
Here we are running with the needs, colors exaggerated pistil’s wild embarrassing the calm family flowers, here we are flourishing for the field and the name of this place is Love

We are the dupes of myth when we upbraid ourselves because we love; for we are made for loving; all the sweets of living are for those that love.
Be joyful, unafraid!

Submit to love faithfully and it gives a person joy. It intoxicates, it envelopes, it isolates. It created fragrance in the air, ardour from coldness: it beautifies everything around it.

I met in the street very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn; his cloak was out at the elbows, the water passed through his shoes, and the stars through his soul.


Love vanquishes time. To lovers, a moment can be eternity; eternity can be the tick of a clock. Across the barriers of time and the ultimate destiny, love persists, for the home of the beloved, absent or present, is always in the mind and heart.

The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity-love. And the story of a love is not important- what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.

Yes, it was beginning in each it threw waves across our lives the pulses were becoming very strong, the beating became very delite, the calling the arousal the arriving the coming there it was for both entire Yes, we were looking at each other

Love isn’t decent. Love is glorious and shameless.

To love is the great Amulet that makes the world a garden.

The madness of love is the greatest of heaven’s blessing

Love always creates; it never destroys, in this lie’s man’s only promise.

Every kiss provokes another. Ah, in hose earliest days of love how naturally the kisses spring life. How closely, in their abundance, are they pressed one against another; until lovers find it as hard to count the kisses exchanged in an hour, as to count the flowers in a meadow in May.

A sunbeam filtering through the blind shed a gentle light on her soft golden hair, on her throat, on her tranquil breast… it seems to me that I had known her for a long time, and before her I had known nothing and not live… And here I am sitting opposite her. God, I almost leapt out from my chair.

Now we will feel no rain, for each of us will be shelter for the other. Now we will feel no cold for each of us will be warmth for the others. Now there is no more loneliness for each of us will companion to the other. There is only one life before us and our seasons will be long & good.

Even if I have all the riches in this world that I could ever spend, I could never buy the treasure my heart finds in…… loving you

Like the radiant glow of candle light in the dark, you have brightened my life with your love, offered me a patient loving heart and a strong helping hand. All these bring loving thoughts of you.

Our path crossed one glorious day and my life was changed forever. I know there’s no certainty in what the future holds but just now we have something so good and right that I can’t imagine it ever ending.

Love is an emotion that clouds human sense of reasoning, feeling of loving is like the effect of a long intoxicating drink, for when jilted you are more than what you desired.

It pains the heart when love is denied; it jolts the mind when love is trampled but it strengthens the heart when faith and understanding are embraced as article of love.

The sun shines; the stream blows gently, the birds sing sweetly, the wind blows pleasantly and my love grows gently for you and only you.

Initially, Acquaintances… Later friends, lovely friends, Later heartrobs. And now something more beautiful…. life soul-mate.
---------------------------------------------------------------------


Thank you so much for your message..It's a bad moment for me at the moment because i never think you can believe I'm trying to cheat you out of your money,despite the love and passions we've shown to each other..I never believe you can think i can do anything to hurt or make you love..I thought you said you do love and care about me..I thought we are lovers ,I thought we are both christian and believe so much in the lord..Did you ever think i can do anything to hurt you? The bible said what will benefit a man to gain the whole world and loss his soul,What will he use for the exchange of his soul in the kingdom of God..I believe we are both going to heaven,So what will it benefit me to collect your money and make you cry after it..I have been born again for the past 30 years now..

 I understand the bible and the consequence of been a cheater and sinner..I do love you with the whole of my heart..When I called you on the phone..I feel as if the heaven is about to fall..The sound of your loving accent makes me want you more..You are indeed so wonderful..I can never do anything against the will of God..I can never do anything to make you cry..I want you to believe me because i'm so much in love with you and i can never do anything that will hurt your heart..You are the sweetest woman i have ever met in my life..I want to spend the rest of my life with you..Please don't ever leave me at these stage of my life..You are so passionate and emotional..Please just forgive me of my iniquities and do something to make me out of this shit i'm in..I will be waiting to read from you
--------------------------------------------------------

Thank you so much for your message,It's been a sad day and night for me here since i have gotten your last message..You indeed made me sad with everything you've written,I never believe you can still doubt my love for you..I have given the whole of my heart to you ..You've promised in your previous email never to stop loving me and i do promise never to stop loving or make you cry..Ever since the day i have met you,I told God never to make me love or care so much for another woman again..You are the one i want to love and be with for the rest of my days on earth..As i have written in my previous message..I never knew the contract will be awarded to me this early..I was thinking it will take up to 5 weeks before i will get there calls,I got the call all of a sudden,
,And was the main reason i have to leave early..I never trick you with my messages,It was just a coincidence..Did you believe i need your money for anything if not for what has happen to me here.. I know you do love and care so much about me..I can never shit you or make you cry at this junctions in our life..I really want you so much in my life..I want to spend the rest of my days on earth with you..I need you so much..Please just forgive me of my iniquities and do something to make me out of this shit i'm in..I will be waiting to read from you..
--------------------------------------------------------

Good Morning My Love,

 I called my bank today and this is very serious about the whole situation,on how it all turns out to be, well i did spoke to my Bank today explaining the whole issue to them , but due to Bank and all other policies they wont allow to send money down here unless i have someone very close to me , or maybe relatives or some one i trust wholeheartedly,it has been so difficult Accessing our credit cards here that even makes it more worse,so i want to know if i can count all my trust on you as they have decided they will send my card to someone i think i trust, can i count on you? if yes i will try to speak to my bank and some of my other colleagues down here as also agreed to help as well,they will make out my credit card ,and your name would be added as one of a authorized user of my card, that way you will be able to get out some money for me , i am so tired being here , the pains that i feel is so unbeareble.

Kindly let me know if you understand my message now and i can go on with that.

Hope to read from you now.


-----------------------------------
Hello Love,

I do understand how you feel about everything , but one thing i want you to believe is that i would not had come to this country if i knew it has a lot of bad records like this , which is the main issue you are finding it very hard to believe anything about me . But i will keep doing all i can , i will keep telling you who i am and how much i do love you , and see if you could believe me . I have never found myself asking any woman for help , and i never believe i would find myself in that condition , but here i am swallowing my pride all because i need your help which i would surely pay back but you just don't believe that . I don't know how to make myself clear to you but i swear to God that i will never lie to you or let you down. I hope you know what it takes for me to swear to God which i never do in my life, i put my life as take because if i fail , i will surely perish and i hope you know that even the dumpiest human on earth would not want to perish . I have done all i could to get this money but i have been unable to , called my credit card , my bank account and other means but it is all to no avail , so that is why i want you to help me and i promise you once again that i will never let you down. Well , right now i think you are making money the priority , and i will stop asking you for money because i cant trade my love for the whole world . I love you with my whole heart and i will always do , just believe that thing .

Love always,

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////



Hello, I am lara from lide.cz, I was searching through the site and I come accross your profile which is very interesting, I will like to know more about you and see where it leads us.I hope to hear from you soon,


..............................................................................

Hi,
I was scrolling through profiles while your profile caught my eyes and i could not help it but email you to show my interest , please take your time to view my profile and i will like to learn more about you. I am new on here and don't really get on here often so i will appreciate it if you contact me directly on my personal mail address .....  queeniephilips at the yahoo com, 
i will look forward to read from you

queenie