How Old Are You?
What do you do for a living?
What do you seek for in a relationship?
What are the basic qualities you seek for in a lady?
What sort of relationship you seek for?
What interests you?
You ever been married?
Got kids?
What do you do for fun?
Do you like public intimacy?
How long have you been single?
What's being single like?
I'll hopefully want to know what your consent is about these questions.I want to get to know you and meet you.

ana_grajeda2003@yahoo.com

What do you seek for in a relationship?
I will love to meet a good woman to spend time together and get to know  each other. Share who we are and what we like to enjoy the best in this life.I'll try to tell you in general what I would like my princess to be like. I want her to be cheerful. she may get upset or even mad, but not everyday. I need her communicate with me and listen to me too, especially when things are not working in the relationship or in the family..she would love me even though at times she didn’t understand me. I would like her to enjoy going out at times, but other times may just prefer to stay at home with me embracing each other. she has to be hard working and family oriented,Hard working,passionate, but also tender would be wonderful and have the lord in there plan of life.The list can go on and on, and if you notice, some of the things are so very important like communicating with each other, loving one another in a way and quantity that whatever is wrong or bad, we work it out. These two I consider the most  important.

    What sort of relationship you seek for?

    I seek a relationship where both of us are worth the same as humans and partners who commit to one another for love by own free will.. A relationship built upon trust, communication, respect, support, fairness, companionship,sharing ideas, sharing good moments and bad moments as well. I expect being together forever and  grow old raising a beautiful happy, loving family.When i decide to marry a woman, it means I have a firm commitment to build a better life with her.I want a sincere and eternal relationship that each is willing to share everything. No lying. No secret.Be there for each other in both good and bad time.To achieve that, a true friendship and a true love must exist.

    What are the basic qualities you seek for in a man?

    I'm looking for a loving intelligent woman and wonderful caring loving tender and firm mother.A partner, a best friend, cheerful, strong, hard  working, tender, passionate,dedicated, with great moral values, family oriented. I believe relationship base on friendship, transparency,trust, honesty,and consistent correspondence  area the basic foundation for a lasting relationship with the right chemistry
 

Do you like public intimacy?
    When i say "public intimacy" It  mean kissing or huging in public? If you do, then i feel ok with it as long as it's sweet and tender. 

 How long have you been single?
    I've always been single since my ex boyfriend cheated on me

What's being single like?
    Being single to me it's both, a sense of accomplishment , independence, and free.Sometimes easier to make decisions, which may be good, I think; yet it is also hard because of the lack of emotional support, very lonely all the time. It okay's because I can concentrate my energy toward my career and life goals.However, I always want someone with whom I can share my dream  and thoughtfulness and he also wants to share him with me.It is very important to have a balance in life.

How do you treat your man?
    I will treat my woman like my most precious gift from heaven other than other people. I give my woman the place she has in my life, a unique one, my beloved and admired one. I adore her and look forward to make her dream comes true along with mine.With unconditional love. With sincerity, honesty, fairness, respect and caring. These are my values that I apply to every person as well.


Why do you want a woman?
I need a man To share life with him, to be there for him, to love him, respect him.Because I am a woman and I want to take care the man I love



 What is love to you?

To me, love is a feeling of selflessness, of no more me and me, but you and me.Which implies thinking of the other person and yourself too of course, but many times willingness to sacrifice oneself for the one that you love.. For me this applies not only to couples but also family, relatives, friends and even  other people.Love is giving and forgiving. Give without requiring a return. Forgive no matter how painful it is or how stupid the mistake is.When  one is sick, the other is always at bed side.Always think and do whatever to make the other happy
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Love is everything beautiful, it touching, holding hands, romantic dinners or an evening by firelight. Its wanting to be with them all the time, its the feeling that you know you'll die if you can't be with them. Love is the most beautiful feeling you could ever have , Love is sharing and sacrifice. Love means everything beautiful, it means giving happiness and sharing your heart and dreams



Subject: QUESTION......


1..... I want you to know that am online looking for an honest man and
a God fearing man for serious and long term relationship... i do want you
to know that am new in online dating because i was just introduce to
it......and i need someone that can show me real love is not someone that
will hurt my heart...text me on my 7248354021
2........ I was invited on here by my ex boyfriend and he cheated on me
3...........would you like to tell me much more about yourself
4..i was invited here by my ex boyfriend here to sell my dadys
properties probut on a fateful day i caught him with another woman 
5.... thats why am looking for an honest man and careing man that can accept me as
whom i am and show me real love
6..Essentially, I am looking for someone that I can spend the rest of
my life with, someone that is willing to be an equal partner, both
giving and receiving in all aspects of a relationship
7....Essentially, I am looking for someone that I can spend the rest
of my life with, someone that is willing to be an equal partner, both
giving and receiving in all aspects of a relationship.Essentially, I
am looking for someone that I can spend the rest of my life with,
someone that is willing to be an equal partner, both giving and
receiving in all aspects of a relationship
8..i want you to know that true love is all what am seeking for
I'm seeking a man (open, kind, serious, confident, cheerful,
responsible) who is ready for marriage and who believe that love has
no boundaries
10..I believe that the solid foundation to a long lasting relationship
should be built on trust and the interest of mutual feelings in both
partners will bring about understanding
11..I believe in love, beacuse it do heal wond and it can go long as its 
alowed I am looking for great sense of hunor loving,caring,honey,kindly and
christian man to build trust relationship with and settle down Love is
great when is between two people, and they came together as one, one body and
one flesh, bible said that they are two and they came together as one
and let no one put assunder.

2- What is your favorite sport? well i Like basket ball and tenniss
3- How long have you been single for? well i have been single for
some months now
4- What nationality are you? i am mixed race but originally in USA
5- Why did you join the dating site? well to find someone interesting
that would be my one and only
6- What was your longest relationship and how did it end? well 2years
and it ended with finding my best friend sleeping with my man...
7- Where do you currently live, and do you live alone or with family? i live
in Oregon with my uncle
8- Are you close to your family? no i am not cos i don,t have anyone
to call my family
9- Do you have any Brothers and Sisters? no i don,t but wish i did
10- ccccc well i would say my heart issss my
best feature cos its all i have left right now ...
11- when is your birth date? mine is september 6
What are you Seeking for In woman?
How will you Treat your woman?
Are you Ready to settle Down and Have Kids?
What do you Hate In woman?
Have you been Hurt Before ?
Since when have you being on internet?
What will you Like to do If your woman is with you?
What Kind Of food did you like most?
What color did you like most?
When did you go to work and when did you come back?
How will you feel if you catch your woman with another man in your bed?
Did you Like going for fishing or camping?
When have you visit the zoo
last?
What Pet's did you like most?
What pet's did you have at home?
Did you like to travel?
Did you go to chruch?
Did you believe in love and commitment?
What Car did you like most?
What kind of work do you do?
Do you like your job?
Do you like watching cartoons and romantics movies?
What do you like in woman?
Are you very hard working?
When is your Birthday?
Do you live alone?
Do you live in your own house?
Will you allow your woman to work?
Do you like going to Clubs?
Are you popurlar In your Town?
Will you like to have a House Help at home?
Do you like making Friends?
What Sport did you like most?
How Big is your House?
Did you Know How to drive?
How many Car's do you Have?
Do you like to flirt with your woman? well i Definitely like flirting
with my man ! Wink, kiss on the neck, a touch on the lower back, a
look across the room...it's fun and it keeps things
fresh.

c No, I
think flirting with other men while in a relationship is very
disrespectful. I want my man and everyone else to know that I only
want him.

Are you the jealous type? No. If your trying to make me jealous then
your not the man for me.

Are you aggressive/domaint or passive or somewhere in between? I'm somewhere in between. I don't always have to be in control but I will
stand my ground.

Do you smoke or drink? I don't smoke and I drink only socially.

Are you religious? I do believe in "God".

1.) Q: Do you know what you want in companion?
A: Yes; she has to be a good cook as well as myself , but if not; we
can do it togetheropem. she also have prove to her man (not kiss him
back-side) that she means the world to her and she will do almost
anything to make that
happen. very, very supportive in the relationship even when you think
that you don't have no more energy left (yes I will/most do the same)u
always manage to pull through. she has to be very affectionate, caring,
attentive, reasonable, and willing to beyond for her Love and her
man......
(2.) Q: Can I really be what you seek?
A: Maybe, you never know what the Future may hold........
(3.) Q: Are you at tune with yourself that you can do what you really offer?
A: Yes, Yes I am. Do to the fact that I do know what I want and not
afraid to make it known.
(4.) Q: Can you be totally honest with me at all times?
A: No, I am only human; I will make mistakes at times but it will not
be premeditated. No one can be 100% perfect but I can strive for
excellence.
5.) Q: Am I a freak (will try many things) to please?.
A: Yes I am a freak, I am always willing to make love/ sex/get Nasty
with fruits and toys. Plus I love bathing my Man in the
shower; uuuuummmmmmm!!
(6.) Q: Are you the type that can feel through and through? Are u
looking for a one night stand or is it a friend you seek?
A: Yes I can, I am looking for a friend, a Love, a Partner, a ME/ an
off set of Me but not looking for or trying to be in a one night
stand.......(NO, NO ONE NITE STANDS) and comfortable
(7.) Q: What's your favorite scent? Why do you like it?
A: My favorite scent is sweat, soft, erotic, and sensible scent; but
on my man .....uuuuummmmmmm
(8.) Q: Do you have any tattoos? Where are they?
A: I have both of my ears pierced, no tattoos
(9.) Q: Which TV family would you like to join?
STOPED HERE
10.) Q: Tell me some of your all-time favorite movies. Why do you like them?
A: Two Can Play that Game = It show the problem and the games that get
played in relationships.
The Thomas Crown Affair = Among everything that goes around us, in
most relationships the game and the
challenge is always great when both parties really want each other but
scared of making the first direct move. (I have both moves, maybe we
can make it a movie night)
(11.) Q: What celebrity would you want for president and why?
A: Hillary Clinton as Pres., Denzial Washington as Vice Pres., Piers
Bronsnic as Sec. of Defense (To long to explain right now but will
later)
(12.) Q: How important is family to you? Describe your relationship
with your family.
A: Very, Very important. well i live alone and my family is something
that i would say i am looking for cos i want to be Loved and accept
and have a family of my own that wants me ..
(13.) Q: How much do you tell your friends about what's going on in your life?
A: i don,t cos i don,t keep friends around me ..i really have learnt
alot from them ..
(14.) Q: What role do you play in your family?
A: well i would say i am the only child my parents gave birth to and
was always loved and
cared for by them before they both passed away
(15.) Q: .How long was your longest relationship? Why did it end?
A: 3 1/2 years but he passed away of cancer. (will tell you more at a
later date)
(16.) Q: In a new relationship, do you like to take it slow or do you
start with a bang?
A: depends on the relationship; whatever feels natural but I still
like to find out more before jumping in things.
West: Depending the situation or the problem at hand for it to be
half-empty or half-full.
(17.) Q: Admit your favorite guilty pleasure.
A: Been Freaky, Away doing more and giving more to my baby.
Uuuuummmmmmm in the shower; bathing him , catering for him .
(18.) Q: What are your three main goals in life?
A: love, children, and health
(19.) Q: If you were a comic book character, what superpower would you
possess? Why?
A: BATMAN...... I can keep people guessing, then when ever they see me
coming, i have the intelligence to
seeing through people and let their guilt crash them from the inside
so please i hope u could at least open your heart and soul and trust
me cause am not here to paly games with you heart...so i hope u could
trust me the only thing i need from you is to trust me and believe me
in eveything..so i hope to hear from you

1- ) seHow stable is your life ???
I hope you don't mind me asking you this questions but I am only
trying to get to know you more better and we go into deeper.. How can
you possibly hope to keep a relationship together if your life isn't
put together properly? I think many of us use relationships as a way
to help fix ourselves, when actually; we should be trying to do that
before we find someone else. Isn't it true that a good many of our
love interests result from someone who was there to give us a stable
hand? How do you think your next relationship will benefit if you were
already stable?

2 -) Have you
learned something about yourself from every past relationship???
On our path through life we encounter many different obstacles, people
and experiences. This is what makes us unique. Everyone has a
different life experience. The people who create happy lives take each
experience and make it work for them, especially if it is a negative
one. If you haven't learned something about the way you interact with
another person from your past relationships, you're living in circles
that won't get broken until you take the time to find out. You can't
possibly expect to break negative habits if you're not aware of them.

3 -) Have you narrowed down your specific desires as to what type of
person you want to
meet???
Each relationship offers us an opportunity to review our master list
of qualities of our ideal mate. Sometimes, what we thought we wanted
didn't even come close to what we really needed. After a long-term
relationship it is
especially prudent to revise your list of desirable traits. Were there
things about your past partner that hindered you from being really
you? What traits would help you feel the most comfortable with being
yourself?

4 -) Are you really over your past???
I know, you're probably thinking it's a misprint? You may be thinking
"Don't you mean past love?" Sometimes, I find we identify our past
with our past loves. Our life may have included something that was
special that we may be feeling is missing now. Somehow that gets
wrapped up in our emotions with our past love. So, instead of trying
to find new ways to make our life more complete, we think we need to
have our past love to feel complete. Make sure you identify your real
sources of desire before beginning a new relationship.

5 -) What is the socio-economic background of your family?
my dad was an international business man,He travels a lot and also
deals with importation
and exportation of goods he was a very rich man among his family but
the family .My mom was just a full time house wife . but they are both
passed away now so i work in a fast food joint after my new boss got
me fired out from work just because i refused him when he ask me out.

6 -) What is your level of intelligence?
I think that I have above average intelligence and I like to learn new
things, intelligence is important to me.

7 -) What is your formal education?
well i am a college dropout and while i was in school i studied
business administration and would like to go back to school someday .

8 -) What are your verbal abilities?
I think that I have above average abilities of communication, both
writing and verbal, and I enjoy interesting conversations.

9 -) What do you expect each partner to provide in the marriage?
I believe God made the man primarily to provide the income and the
protection for the home and the family, and I think that the woman is
made to control and guide the matters of the house and to provide the
instruction of the children, but each partner can help the other
person in their family responsibilities.

10 -) What are your views about the distribution of power inside the family?
I also believe God made the man to be the leader in the family, but
there are many areas where the woman can have more comprehension and
understanding than the man, so she contributes her ideas to him, and
he listens to her reasoning.

11 -) How many children do you want?
I have always think about having a an healthy child, but I think it
would be nice to have a child, or children, with the man who loves me
and lives all of his life with me.

12 -) When should a family be started?
I want to wait for some months before having children so I can enjoy
much time alone with my
husband.

13 -) What are your views on the care of children?
Parents should be the primary influence for children, not the school,
neither the friends, neither the television nor the movies. I believe
that children should respect adults, and children should help in the
matters of the house. The children and the parents should be close to
each other with good communication each day.

14 -) What is your political philosophy?
I prefer the conservative laws that are similar to the commandments in
the Bible, and I prefer less interference of government in personal
lives.

15 -) What are your views about smoking, alcohol and drugs?
I think that these things are generally negative because in high
volumes they damage the body, but I like to drink some wine from time
to time, and I want to enjoy this with my husband.

16 -) How much contact should occur with in-laws?
After the wedding
a couple should make their own decisions and the in-laws should not
intervene with these decisions. Occasional visits are acceptable, but
not on a frequent basis.

17 -) What is your sense of humor?
I am a happy person and I like to laugh and to enjoy life.

18 -) How punctual are you?
I am generally on time, but at times I am late.
Can You tell of what makes the stars come out at night ? can you
tell of what takes them run away in the day time ? can you tell of
what makes them sparkle so bright in the sky at night ? can you tell
of what makes the rain fall so hard ? can you tell of what makes the
sun shine so bright ? can you tell of what makes babies say their
first words ? can you now tell of what makes my heart sing and the
same time cry tears of hurt and pains ...
when i was young and began falling in love at first
i thought it was the whole cinderalla happily ever after begining for
me but i was wrong true love would always lay in the eyes and the
heart of a beholder but most hearts aren,t born stronger enough to
Love and most hearts were born to cause pains on others ..leave them
with a memory they can never forget for the rest of their Lives tell
me can you ever forget what you first true Love felt Like ? i can,t it
felt like heaven like i wasn,t going to ever wake up anymore from it
but at last i did wake up with tears after seeing my best friend with
my first true Love .he who gave me my very first kiss ..he who i gave
up my virginity for and trust ..my trust is in God so i can stand tall
over all thet i have been true in Life ..Can you be my family ? Can
you take me as Yours ?

I am looking for one special man who appreciates the man he is
involved with, who knows how to treat a woman right and not do
her wrong, and also loves being treated the way a man should be
treated.... i am seeking a man who is able to communicate, and be
honest at all times and in all things, a man who can be faithful, a
man who is sensitive, caring, committed, focused, driven, motivated,
intelligent, who loves kids, who is also patient, and loving, with a
good sense of humor, who also seeks a lover and best friend, a woman
who doesn’t play mind games or play with peoples hearts, who is
mentally stable, drug and disease free, who knows what she wants in
her life, and believes in mutual respect and equality. I am not
looking for a casual encounter. I believe that Love starts as an
attraction to another. Love grows with mutual respect. Love thrives on
confidence and dignity and survives on Wisdom and Honor. I dream of
eventually being in a long term committed relationship with this one
special man, with which we can share meaningful conversations and
let’s see..How
do you feel about long distance relationship...my saying all these on
here doesn,t mean i am that special person that you are seeking
because you alone will be the judge of that because i have nothing but
my heart and Love and time to offer to you and pray that we get to
know more about each other....as the saying goes love is never a
mistake if one marries a slot for a wife its just a trial of Trust and
i Hope i can earn your trust and you do the same hope to hear from you
soon .. and so you know If I told you, I would catch a falling star
for you,would you love me so? If I told you I would give you the
world,would you love me so? If I told you I would move mountains to
see you, would you love me so? If I told you I would swim oceans wide
for you,would you love me so? If I told you I can only give you my
everlasting love,would you love me so

s

 you can add me up at YP_JULIEM@yahoo.com..i wil be waiting
for you..and do you care about long distance relationship.....

Hello how are you doing i am glad that you emailed me and would also
Like to know more about me and so let me start off by saying i am from
a family of one being that i am the only child my parents ever gave
birth to and also being a girl like myself i got all the pampering a
girl would ever have in the world though i am not a spoilt brat like
some others are not that i am judging anyone just saying it the way i
see it ..well i am 30 years old now and single and not so happy about
it ..i lost my parents when i was at the age of 15 and i beleive my
parents were murdered by some of our so called family members who let
greed get to them and Love for material things ...well ever since i
have been alone and i am greatfull to God that i am still alive till
now cos when my mom was still alive she would always tell me to be
thankfull to Our Lord God up above for keeping us alive tell me do you
pray ? cos i do and did you pray for me ? cos i always pray for every
Good thing that happens in my Life
and do you know what that good thing is ? well its meeting you and
getting to know you cos i get to call you my friend i don,t really
have friends over here where i am in Greece ...well thats right Greece
is where i grew up as a child till now.. well i work as a nurse in
spain but right now no more working because of the lost of my parents
and for fun i Like reading and writing and singing and watching Movies
and cartoons and cooking and cleaning and i Like Going to the beach
and relaxing and playing basket ball and Tennis and Volley ball ,i
Like listening to slow jamz and R&B and hip Hop going to church on
sundays ..and i am looking for someone that beleives in true Love ,
someone who is willing to share ..someone sweet,someone that would
appreciate a nice kiss early in the morning ,that would appreciate
being dressed up for work in the morning and breakfast in the morning
,someone that would respect me and understand me ..be there for me ..i
lost my phone on my way to Greece....So baby i will like what you had
been thinking about me, because i have alot of interest on you and i
dont want to lose a man like you to another woman...... I hope to hear
from you soon
Regard
Caren

thats be kind of person Someone in my heart beyond all my pride,Holds
a secret desire so intense deep inside.Imprisoned with all my passion
and love,Unknown to anyone but the lord up above.A desire for someone
to cherish and hold,The need for love to call my own.Someone who keeps
me shining day and night,Someone to kiss and make up with after a
fight.Someone who appreciates and respects all I can be,Someone who?s
strong enough to commit and love only me.Someone who will be there to
kiss away my tears,Secure my doubts and release my fears..Someone who
can restore my faith in love once again. i am looking for.If I told
you, I would catch a falling star for you,would you love me so? If I
told you I would give you the world,would you love me so? If I told
you I would move mountains to see you,would you love me so? If I told
you I
would swim oceans wide for you,would you love me so? If I told you i
can only give you my everlasting love,would you love me so

============================================================
Bumb
How are you doing ? It was nice reading through your profile on here
and love to know more about you...I am retha by name and new on
here...Get back to me so that we can hook up to find a time to
chat..or you can add me now on retha5244@yahoo.com.

till i hear from you
Stay cool and safe
Caren

How are you doing ? It was nice reading through your profile on here
and love to know more about you...I am retha by name and I am Looking
for my soul mate, the one to spend the rest of my life with, i will
love to know more about you....to do so l will like to have your yahoo
im so that will can talk better.

Solly.
69.167.178.81...............3128

i`m Caren from United State,30years old my parent is a good
christian who his taught me good virtures and i spend alot time in
Greece. I will be looking for a good christian,am single and am 30
looking for a serious, confident, purposeful, smart, responsible,
honest, modest, kind, loyal, elegant, sociable, sensitive, gentle,
cheerful, romantic, considered,responsible, jovial who will not hurt
me and will know how to take care of a young man like me, because I
think that marriage should be based on understanding and support each
other, on real love and understanding. . The reason why is that when i
was in Elgin Illinois i dated a guy who i love so much with all what i
have...however, in January 2005, the dude went and married another
girl.. i was so sad i was to worried that i cry all day long just
because of this. I just thank God that we didn't have sex with each
other, and Age group of a partner: 29-60 My perception of an ideal
relationship: My the chosen one has to be not elder 60, without bad
habits, kind honest, decent, educated, Christian faith, living in the
USA, Canada, Australia. I would like to have a kind, reliable husband,
an united family, happy children If you are interested in me you can
mail me jesssica06389@yahoo.com

Hello Handsome, It my pleasure to come across your profile here on
YP. Am sharon by name. I am a very considerate and down to earth
type of person that loves to enjoy life and all that it has to offer.
I enjoy a variety of different activities, from relaxing at home
watching a movie to things that anre definitely more adventurous.
37years old Hair:Brown Height: 5'8" Eyes:Brown Bust:36" Dress:5/7
Waist:27" Shoe:8.5 - 9 Hips:34 I read through your profile and i think
you sound cool so i wish to know more about you. You can just get back
to me when you log on to have a chat with you.i will like to get to
know more about you

Hello Handsome, It my pleasure to come across your profile here on YP.
Am Paris by name. I am a very considerate and down to earth type of
person that loves to enjoy life and all that it has to offer. I enjoy
a variety of different activities, from relaxing at home watching a
movie to things that anre definitely more adventurous. 30years old
Hair:Brown Height: 5'8" Eyes:Brown Bust:36" Dress:5/7 Waist:27"
Shoe:8.5 - 9 Hips:34 I read through your profile and i think you sound
cool so i wish to know more about you. You can just get back to me
when you log on to have a chat with you.i will like to get to know
more about you
CHAT FORMAT
I love reading novels as well as cooking and doing a lot of house
works. I also like to hang out with my loved one as well
I am looking for real man who is loving and caring and ready for a
family .I need a man who is ready to love me 100% just as much as I am
ready to give him my love

I am from a good background, I am a very good Christian and I am born
into a Christian family, I am very faithful and honest and under no
circumstance will I be unfaithful to my partner or anyone, To add to
this I am a choir at the church and I sing very well, I am well
brought up and I know what I am required of as a wife and I've been a
christian for years but I am only just getting baptised.

I my culture, I am to love, care ,and respect my husband, I must make
sure I do everything possible to make him happy as well as please him
even if I have to leave my own way to do so. My roles as a wife are
to be carried out by me accordingly
I must make sure I clean the house regularly and put all house
accessories in order. i will cook for my husband, I will iron your
clothes for you, I will be the one to always make you happy, I will
be your companion through the smooth and rough times. i will share
your quiet moments with you as well as satisfy your sensual desires
and lots more.
To add more, I am very faithful and honest. Always reliable and always
with a friendly and lovely advice to share. I am very easy to get
along with and can go out of my way, if need be, to put a smile on my
partners face all the time. I will go to any length to please him as
well
When it comes to love, I don't really think age matters as long as the
love is there and its for real.Is it true that someone older in age
knows how to to care and treat a lady?
I don't really know how to say this but its like there is something
special about you right from when I met you.
One thing I understand about love is that, love is not judged to be
right by how far or how long but how well and also how truly serious
are the two people feeling for each other.
I believe that the solid foundation to a long lasting relationship
should be built on trust and the interest of mutual feelings in both
partners will bring about understanding. i believe that god leads and
directs our path
One thing I understand about something good is this, no good thing
will come easy, if we are really and truly meant for each other, there
must be challenges we have to face on our way to achieving our aim and
we will surely overcome those challenges.
Actually I know that one day, the good lord will answer my prayers and
bless me with a good , caring , loving and romantic man to be my
partner, but I never knew it could be this real, I thank the good lord
for bringing you my way.
There are two important things to make one's life worth living. One is
to have a true friend who will be there for you always to share your
lfriendly advice and the second is to have a lover to share your love
and affection with you and make you feel loved. Anyone of these is
good as many people in the world today may have one of it and will
remain happy, but I am happy I have both and that's you
I cant imagine any better thing than being with you at the moment and
look into your eyes and watch the sun start to rise from there. i wish
you could hold me and cuddle me in your arms right now

One thing about you men is, many of you pretend to be who you are not,
just to get a lady up to you wherever you are and use her up to
satisfy your sexual needs and later drop her. I hope you are different
but how can I be sure that I will be safe while with you and will not
be maltreated as just a sex slave. How can I trust you on this?
i hope you are for real and that this is not all about internet
fantasy just to wipe your time or to satisfy a horny mood because i am
for real and seriously looking for a lifetime soulmate.And as i am new
to this internet relationship,i would not like to fall a victim.
As future husband and wife, I believe there should be a kind of
physical intimacy between us cos I don't really believe much in this
online thing as I am new to it unlike being together and really see
how we feel about each other. So I will like us to make an arrangement
to meet physically so as to make this relationship real and
everlasting,what do you think?

I want you to realize one fact that in no occasion will I lie about my
personality, what would I gain in such? I wish I could open my heart
for you to see so that you can be sure I am for real. I don't know
what else to say than to tell you that I will always be myself,
honest, faithful, caring, loving and affectionate, I do hope you would
believe me, lets give love a chance to win and I pray that we will
never regret we do so.
I know its hard to trust someone from afar especially from Nigeria as
we hear so many news about so many bad things some Nigerians do
everyday, but does that mean everybody in Nigeria is bad? I know what
you hear about the country is definitely crazy but please give me one
chance to show that I am a faithful and honest citizen of the country
and I cant change my country name because of some bad people there but
one thing I am sure of is that you will live to always thank god that
you meet a faithful Nigerian for the rest of your life.
One thing I understand about nature is that life itself is a risk, we
don't have power over tomorrow, we can only try to make tomorrow a
better day by trying our best and leaving the rest. I am ready to risk
anything, even my very self, to secure my happiness. There are stages
in ones life when one needs to take chances to make sure things are
right. i believe a try will convince you.
Please don't leave me all to myself cos around you I have built my
world and whatever you do to hurt me baby, it will definitely drive me
crazy, please give me one chance to show and you will never regret you
did

PROFILE FORMAT
i`m Caren from indiana, Stats: age:30 weight:115 lbs.height:5' 8''
hair:brown eyes:brown bust:33''waist:23''hips:35' 'dress:2 shoe:9, but
i was born in Greece and My Dad has a civil servant , and i have my
own working, A mature strong woman,who knows how to love and take care
of a man.NO DRINKING OR SMOKING HABBITS! He must be smart and not
boring, understanding and responsible. I’d prefer a native –English
speaker,Well-bred & well-educated good looking women of 30years old. I
like to reseive knowleges & apply them in my work & daily life. I
adore new places, new ideas & kreative people whith a great sense of
humour,I like my work & resieve huge pleasure & creative forces from
it. I try to diversify permanently. In my opinnion, the men has to be
not only beautiful, loving, carefull, well-groomed, but he has to be a
real personality. I do sports almost every day, I like dancing apart .
I thing, all the people have to try to be healthy. I prefer healthy
board to have a good form. I like free air of the cleanness at home,
like to prepare tasty & experiment in the kitchen,.........My
perception of an ideal relationship: So, I like cheerful, kind, overt,
honest, many-sided people. I prefer well-bred & well-educated, strong,
courageous, purposeful, independent mens, who like traveling, fitnes &
sense of gladness every day. Who think, that family, children & mutual
understanding between close people - is one of the significant part of
hapiness in the life.

MAILL FORMAT
Hello,how are you doing today? i`m 29years old,I`m from usa i want
you to know , i read your profile and i would like to meet you and
know you better,bacause i know that.."The purity and trueness of love
through an Internet relationship far passes that of one based on
physical contact,and I am glad that i cross your profile..but I have
always wanted the love of my life to be understanding, loving, caring,
faithful and most of all someone who would accept me for who I am. Now
I have found the person I was looking for. My heart told me that my
Prince Charming was there when i first Say hello to you over the
yahoopersonals.com.I'm a touchy-feely type of woman...I like to kiss
and hug, and cuddle, but I won't smother you. I'm an honest,
thoughtful, caring, clean, independant, fun, one man woman. Full of
energy I like dancing to the oldies or country music, walking on the
beach & boardwalk, going to the theatre, traveling, roller coasters,
horseback riding, dining in or out, or just working around the house.
I enjoy spending time with the man in my life but also allow him free
time for himself. I'm in a position to go anywhere, so distance is no
problem. soreel me in so I don't get away. You'll have a good catch if
you do.The key to my heart will be the man who wants to be close to
me, holding hands, hugging, spending OUR time together doing the
things we both like to do, like seeing a good movie, working out, or
just sitting at home nestled in front of a tv on a cold winter nite. A
man with some energy, not a couch potato. He needs to be a well
groomed, thoughtful, caring, a happy with himself man, that likes to
talk as well as listen, who wants a friend that leads to love, that
accepts as well as gives. One who wants only one woman in his arms.
I'll be faithfull to you, and there when you need an ear that listens.
Kissing you when you least expect it, that kiss goodnight and another
when you wake, and the big hug when needed most. Love me for me and
I'll love you thru the ups and downs, till eternity. would love to
chat with u on yahoo messenger My IM is jessz60120 and my email is
jesssica06389@yahoo.com
I cant wait to talk to you.
hugs,Jessica
Rochester...............

I will make a roast beef sandwich with lettuce , tomatoes, chese,
bacon, onion and mayo, you want one"

its smoravek0690@yahoo.com and bigstood is password

man_looking_to_love_again

http://edit.personals.yahoo.com/us/search/advanced
adewale james adebayo
walex 4love: that is d name for brasil
walex 4love: na my trust guy city is sao paulo
placide nkene another name
iretiola toyin adegbite

216.218.139.77:80
Birmingham International

http://www.steganos.com/en/products/secure-surfing/internet-anonym-vpn/overview/

Johnnybarbato@bellsouth.net
For a man and a woman to get married, they have to LOVE each other and
that LOVE MUST be 'UNCONDITIONAL'! If you want me to marry you, it
would be for the rest of your life and mine! Just because you get
married doesn't mean that you are bound to that contract. A marriage
contract just states that YOU and I promise to take care of each other
'til death do us part'! It doesn't state that YOU MUST LOVE each
other because that would not be ETHICAL. YOU and I MUST LOVE each
other 'UNCONDITIONALLY', which means that NO MATTER what happens in
our lives together or if either one of us gets injured, sick or maimed
from an accident, we are OBLIGATED, by 'UNCONDITIONAL LOVE', to take
care of each other no matter how difficult it may get!

LOVE PROMISES
Promise you will love me, Promise you will never let me down, and
Promise you will never talk about separation. Promise you’ll be
faithful to me, Promise I’ll always be in your heart.
Promise you’ll not place anyone above me, Promise you’ll not give me
sadness. Promise we’ll know no break up. Promise I’ always be in your
mind, Promise you’ll not love any other person, Promise you’ll be with
me. Promise me joy and peace, Promise me a true love. Promise me a
good lovemaking, Promise me when things are rough you will stay.
Promise me an endless love, Promise me an endless love, Promise
nothing will change your love for me. Promise a relationship with no
regrets, for all this, I promise to do unto you.
POWER OF MY LOVE
I can’t get you out of my mind, you mean a lot to me and I wish to
spend the rest of my life with no other person but you.
I love you from the deepest of my heart, any time I look at your face
my Love for you grows. My love for you will never die, it always
remain.
Darling I love you so much that I don’t think there is something in
this world that can stop me from loving you. Not even death because if
I should die I’ll still love you.
Sweetheart always remember that there’s someone who loves you more
than you might know.
OUR NIGHTS & DAYS
There were nights when the wind was so cool. There were days when the
sun was cool, Nights when you kiss me and days when you hold me close
to yourself. I keep straggling for those nights; I keep straggling for
those days. There were moments of gold in my life; they were nights of
passion and days of happiness.
I can remember them clearly for they’re just coming back to me.. If
you ever need me, if you ever want me. You just have to come back to
me; they were nights and days we made together.
I NEED YOUR LOVE
Love I come to you this day. Let my life be renewed and rechanged for
I fee complict with you. For the power of your love keeps me moving
day and night. Oh sweetheart, what a sweet love you have for me. Hold
me close, hold me close let your love surround me.
Always keep me near you; always draw me to your side. Any time i wake
up I felt I should have your presence. So as I wake the presence of
your love surround me. And I will say a word of prayer that shall be
our strength. Touch me with your hands of gold.
FEELING NUTURAL
Before the day I met you my life was in a mess but you took me and
change me. You took me from the muddy clear. You‘ve set me on lands of
gold, you’ve created new world for me.
You make it so real that I wonder how this world exists; you make it
so real that I want to be with you. You make me feel like a natural
woman, you make me feel like a real woman. Now I know that being a
woman is like my sweetheart I will always depend on you.
For better and for good.
OUR FALLING IN LOVE
I want you to hold me, to tell me you love me. I want you to put no
one else above me in a sea of hearts there’s only you and me. You’re
the only one who moves me, you’re my foundest wish of what the future
could be.
I may hold the lock but you have the key to the garden that blooms
deep inside of me. I’ll be your servant whatever you want me to be if
you’ll just say you love me.
LAY ON ME
It hurts my heart indeed to see my love one in pains and needs.
Knowing all, I wonder why she never calls on me. If you just ask that
I can satisfy you with good things and I will give you everything you
need. Yes you can have everything because you are so wonderful I can’t
help seeing my love one in need. When you’re in pain, remember I’m
always there for you.
I will help you move on, I will help you reach the unreached, I will
help you do the undo. Yours is to just lay on me.
Love lay on me.
LISTEN TO YOUR HEART
My heart have I given you, my love have I given you. You hold and
carry my heart in you; listen and you’ll hear its talk. When you can’t
find your way through the night. When you’ve lost touch and nothing is
feeling right.
If you can’t find the path that leads to true love. If you don’t know
which road to choose, that’s when you’ve got to listen to your heart.
Listen to the heart you’re carrying inside you’ll find the answer to
take you to the lace you need to go. Forever shall my heart and love
remain with you?
I WILL BE THERE FOR YOU
When I promise you, you could trust me i meant every word that i said.
You know i understand what you’re going through, you don’t have to
face the night all by yourself.
Just come to me and your problems shall be solved. It hurts me when
you cry, i promise i won’t leave you alone. When you need a hand to
hold i will be there and I’ll always care for you. Love remember
always that i love you and care so much for you and i will always be
there for you.
JUST COME
Sometimes the world can be such a lonely place , and you don’t feel
you’re at where you belong it’s in those times i wish you would talk
to me, because if you’re weak my love will make you strong.
What matters now is the love we share let’s pick u the pieces and go
on from here. Grab and hold me my darling and i will set you free just
come to me. I will be there for you always, i will always care for
you, i will always love you. And remember that, love, when you need me
you just have to come to me.
PLEASE COME HOME BABE
Everybody needs someone to love; everybody wants some hand to hold.
What about you my darling? When you’re feeling so lonely don’t think
that you can’t come home to me.
And when you want to be held close, my arms are yours. So, you just
let me know just reach out and let me touch you, give you strength
through your night, close your eyes and rest your head on my shoulders
and I’ll make it right.
Sweetheart come back home to me, my arms are open down your is just to decide.
EVERLASTING LOVE
Where there is grief, there’ll be hope and if ever a hand is in need
know that I’ll be holding on. Know that the peace that comes from
above is the same everlasting love i have for you.
Remember me whenever you’re alone. And if it helps you to sleep, know
that I’ll be looking on. Know that the peace you dream of is the same
everlasting love.
You know I’ve watched you carry all this weight upon your shoulders as
if no one understands what you go through, but with all might in you,
believe what i say is true. When i say that I’ll never ever leave or
forsake you. I meant it Darling.
TRUE LOVE
How long will i bear the pain that true love be get? For how long will
love threaten me with premature divorce when I’m not yet married. Why
can’t we make the best out of our love sweetheart?
You know before and after you are the only one i love, there’s no
other one in my heart than you. You’re all I’ve ever wanted in life.
You sold the pain which was in me than, why not now. You lift me high
where i could not reach honey i want nothing from you but your true
love.
TOO MUCH MILES
My darling i love you so much and the miles between us does not make
it for me to show you how much i love you. Sweet honey when shall i
see you again? I feel like having you close to me all Night and have
the fill of you but the miles between us is too far that i can’t show
you how much i love you.
Darling how i want to die with you in my heart, i want you to be close
to me but the mile is a problem. I wish i can get you by my side but
wishes are not horses for a begger like me to ride but i want you to
know that i love and miss you so much.
STAY WITH ME
Stay with me love when dawn arrives. Kiss me like the morning rays,
don’t let the magic we shares in the night flitter with the light of
day.
Stay with me, be at my side. We’ve not yet attained our noon, let’s
cast off the hands of time and dance beneath a redame. I am a very
considerate and down to earth type of person that loves to enjoy life
and all that it has to offer. I enjoy a variety of different
activities, from relaxing at home watching a movie to things that anre
definitely more adventurous.I am a man of one woman.. I read through
your profile and i think you sound cool so i wish to know more about
you. You can just get back to me when you log on to have a chat with
you. here is my yahoo email murphy_douglas111@yahoo.com
love to read from you soon
murphy

==============================================================









hey pretty...How are you doing hope everything is fine actually i just wish could know more better and sharing the comradeship together such as a someone very good honest caring trust human being i wish could belong to those true in love....let chat on yahoo messenger give me your mail address then i would like to add you am here waiting to hear from you back then we can talk more better 
email formate

formart

How are you doing the man of my dream. Honey i want you to know
that I have lived for a long time, responsible for and dependent upon
no one, answering to no one and committed to no one except myself.
During this period of my life, I considered the world mine for the
taking and truly believed that I was living life to the fullest. Then,
you came into the picture, and all of a sudden, I realized that I was
deceiving myself. I find that my life is not all that I thought it
was. In fact, it is terribly lacking in many things, the foremost
being love. Now, through some great fortune, I have found that love
and along with it, the one person who can make my life truly
complete.You are that person, and I have somehow fallen in love with
you. To be honest, I never thought I would ever utter those words, but
now, they come forth effortlessly and with great sincerity. I'll be
forever be grateful to you for showing me just how shallow my life
was. At last, I have a chance to give it depth and purpose
Honey, from time to time you ask me why I chose you ... what is so
special about you? Well, the reason is simple; I chose you because you
are YOU!!! I have never had anyone treat me the way you do. I have
never had anyone just look at me and make me feel beautiful. You do
that to me! You make me feel special and wanted. As liberal as I can
be, I would never do anything to hurt you. You mean more to me than
you realize. I am hoping that one day I can prove all of this to you!
I want you . I will continue Loving you till eternity.
Love Always,
Alisha

Hello Honey,
Good Morning in the name of God, Hope you are fine, I want you to
know that since the day we met I've fallen deeply in love with you.
There are no words to express the gratitude I feel in my heart that
you came into my life, and how you make every day so special. You are
my life, my heart, my soul. You are my best friend, my one true love,
my one and only. I love you more today than I did yesterday, and I'll
love you more tomorrow than I do today. I've been trying to find a way
to express my feelings for you. I’ve always wanted to create something
unique to show you just how much I love you. Now I’ve found the right
place, and I’m going to tell the world that I LOVE YOU! It may sound
crazy and corny, but I want to tell the whole universe about the true
and sincere affection I have for you. I cannot tell you exactly how I
feel, but I hope that you feel the warmth of my love whenever we are
together. I will be right here beside you any time you need me, and I
will be with you until I breathe my last breath. I promise to share my
life with you no matter what tomorrow may bring. Always remember the
good times we’ve had and how we bring out the best in each other. Stay
in love, babe, and keep that tender, sweet smile on your face. Know
that I will love you forever. I can't pinpoint what exactly it is that
makes me feel that you do have some feelings towards me. Maybe it's
due to the way that when I talk to you, how you nearly always look me
in the eyes; so few people do that. My heart is hungry for your love,
but my mind is aware of what it cannot have. I know we belong to
different worlds so then why did you come and change everything around
in my life? I thought I didn't want to love again, I thought I
wouldn't be able to since my heart has hurt so much. To even say I do
- it's a scary thought, but you came along and I became fearless of
it. I LOVE YOU WHOLEHEARTEDLY AND WITH ALL MY HEART...
YOUR LOVING WIFE,

Good Morning Honey,
How are you doing today and how is your night? I hope you
have a wonderful sweetdream.Honey am wishing you happy new month that
begins today. Honey i want you to know that I have never in my life
met someone more beautiful, enjoyable, loving, and comforting as you.
Since the very first day that you smiled at me I knew there was
something very special about you. I had no idea then that I would fall
in love, but now that I have, I am so grateful. I am grateful for us
to have wandered into one another's world so softly and unexpectedly.
Nature took its course on our hearts and joined them in a way never
imaginable.I want you to know, that from the very depths of my heart,
I love you. And I love everything that creates you, from your hair -
that I wish I could play in more often... to your forehead - that I
wish I could kiss while you sleep; from your eyes - that sparkle when
you smile (just for me)... to your nose - that I wish I could rub my
nose against; from your lips - that I just know were made perfectly to
fit against mine... to your chin - that I would love to place my
finger under to pull you close for a kiss; down your neck and to your
heart - that in my own, I claim as mine, and down past every inch of
every part of your existence.
I wish more than anything that you and I could grow together,
love together, learn together, and laugh together, forever. I
sincerely feel that between the two of us, we have the kind of love
that some people never get a chance to experience. I promise to love
you as much as I can, as best as I can, and for as long as I can. And
no matter what, it's very important to me for you to know that you are
an irreplaceable spirit that will always be a part of me.I love you
with every part of my being. If I could marry your soul I would. I
dream of nobody else. Everyday is a true struggle when I'm not with
you. If I could conjure up all the power in the world to translate my
love to every form of living: physical and spiritual, I would. You are
my everything, and I love you more than life itself. I love you
truly,I'm so very proud of you. You are a very strong person. It is
really cool that we are strong for each other in different ways. We
totally understand each other and feel for each other. When you hurt,
I hurt. When you are happy, I'm happy. I just love you so much
sweetheart and I never want to lose you. I give you my heart, my love
and my life for now and forever. I love you from the bottom of my
heart.
Your loving wife,

Good Day to you Honey,
How are you enjoying your weekend, hope you have a
wonderful sweetdream last night. Honey,I do not know how to express
the conflicting emotions that have surged like a storm through my
heart everyday. I only know that first and foremost in all my thoughts
has been the glorious confirmation you gave me all the time - without
effort, unconsciously, of course - of all I have ever thought of your
mind and heart.You have the greatest soul, the noblest nature, the
sweetest, most loving heart I have ever known, and my love and
admiration for you have increased so much since we’ve known each other
that it still amazes me.You are more wonderful and lovely in my eyes
than you ever were before; and my pride and joy and gratitude that you
should love me with such a perfect love are beyond all expression.
I'm so in love; I get this warm sensual feeling every time I think of
you. When I sleep at night, all I can dream about is you. I wish you
could hold me in your arms. I dream of the day when I could kiss you
passionately on your soft sweet lips and listen to your heart beating
because it's sweet music to my ears. All I can say is that i will be
the one you love and be the one whose love you need.

U.S.A

Forever in your eyes Is where I want to be Come into my heart And
start a life with me Forever in your eyes Is where I need to be Your
very soul so much All of life to me Forever in your eyes So soft and
tender too Our first romantic kiss Is when I fell in love with you So
forever in your eyes
Is where I need to be You are the only one That I could never leave
Send me all your love And your heart always We'll revolve around the
world
Forever and a day Forever in your eyes I see myself in love Let us
dance for all we can Because forever in your eyes I belong my dearest
one

http://www.lovingyou.com/content/inspiration/loveletters.php
katecaren02@yahoo.com

Good Morning to you my king,
How are you doing and how was your Night? I know you have a
wonderful sweetdream cos i could feel it within me. Honey i want to
confess to you that I can be myself when I am with you. Your idea of
romance is dim lights, soft music, and just the two of us. You make me
feel like I have never felt before. I can tell you anything, and you
won't be shocked. Your undying faith is what keeps the flame of our
love alive. You and me together, we can make magic. We're a perfect
match. Thinking of you fills me with a wonderful feeling. Your love
gives me hope that the best is still ahead. You never give up on me,
and that's what keeps me going. I love you because you bring out the
best in me. Every time I look at you, my heart skips a beat. You are
simply irresistible. You're the one who holds the key to my heart. You
always say what I need to hear. I have had the time of my life and I
owe it all to you. And, of course, I know you’re intelligent, because
you were smart enough to fall in love with me.
When I am with you, I feel alive. You bring to me a happiness that
no one else ever could. You bring to me a love I have never known
before. I could not imagine what my life would be like without you.
You have touched my heart in ways no one could ever comprehend. I love
being with you and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.Every
day I wake up thanking God for you. You have given me so much, and I
don't know if I will be able to give back all that you have given me.
You have been my guiding light when I was lost. You have been my
comforter through all my trials and sorrow. You have been my
rock.Sometimes I feel lost and out of touch, but when you’re there, I
feel safe. Your voice soothes me. I could sit here and try to tell you
just how I feel, but I can't find the words other than I am ecstatic
we met and have gotten together after all we've gone through. I want
to tell you that the love I have for you is undying. It is a love that
is strong and enduring and will stand the test of time. I truly feel
blessed that you have become a part of my life, and I cannot wait for
the day that we can join our lives together. I want to lie next to you
at night and fall asleep in your arms. I want to wake to your
beautiful smile. I want to share in your joys and sorrows. I want to
be your everything, because you are everything to me.I promise to
always love you and always hold you in my heart. I will always be here
for you when you need me, and I will love you no matter what life
brings us. You are my soul mate, and I vow to love you all eternity. I
love you,
Love Always,



                                        Inheritane



Well i wanna let you know that I'm not here for your Cash but i just wanna know the way you Care, be Honest and Faithful with me Travis, well i wanna let you know that My Dad is very Rich before he his Dead and i also was very okay with what i do and i do really Love youwith all my heart and Soul and that's the reason i wanna let you know about this cos my dad was very rich and he his vey okay before he his dead and when i told mom that i have met you babe and i do really Love you with all my heat and i wanna be with you till the End of Time then she let me know that i have to let My Dad's Lawyer knew about this before getting to you babe cos she told me that Me and My Husband have have to let Dad's lawyer knew about our Relationship before getting married so that he could Willing Dad's properties to Us cos Dad has told him that he should Will all this to me when ever I'm truly Ready to get Married with who i do really Love with all my heart and Truly ready to get married with and i also want us to let Him knew about getting to you so that we could know what ever he want us to



